0000014217	Where Are the Commonalities Among the Therapeutic Common Factors?	There is little convergence or empirical research on factors shared by diverse psychotherapies. We reviewed 50 publications to discern commonalities among proposed therapeutic common factors. The number of factors per publication ranged from 1 to 20, with 89 different commonalities proposed in all. Analyses revealed that 41% of proposed commonalities were change processes; by contrast, only 6% of articulated commonalities were client characteristics. The most consensual commonalities across categories were development of a therapeutic alliance, opportunity for catharsis, acquisition and practice of new behaviors, and clients' positive expectancies. The frequency of selected commonalities is presented and directions for future research are outlined.
0000015285	Electron impact excitation of the n3,1P (n=2, 3 and 4) states of helium	We have used the results of 11-state and 19-state R-matrix calculations to obtain differential cross sections and electron-photon coincidence parameters lambda and mod chi mod for the excitations 11S → n3,1P (n=2, 3 and 4) at energies 22, 24, 26.5 and 29.6 eV. Convergence studies on the five-state, 11-state and 19-state R-matrix calculations on λ, Ξ mod chi mod and differential cross sections have been carried out. The calculated Stokes parameters and L∥ and γ parameters are compared with experiments, and the n independence of these parameters and the differential cross sections as predicted by Csanak and Cartwright is found to be not particularly strong at low energies. © 1991 IOP Publishing Ltd.
0000027696	When the Therapist Must Leave: Forced Termination of Psychodynamic Therapy	This article offers a comprehensive overview of the issues involved in therapist-imposed terminations of psychodynamic therapy. Despite the common occurrence of therapists leaving clinics because of job changes, end-of-training rotations, or relocation, there has been relatively little discussion in the literature of the forced termination process. The author describes frequently encountered transference and countertransference reactions as well as realistic responses to the premature ending. Recommendations are offered regarding the timing and manner of informing patients, techniques that facilitate the expression and working through of feelings, and effective ways to achieve closure on the current therapy while helping patients to continue with a new therapist.
0000027697	Statocyst fluid composition and its effects on calcium carbonate precipitation in the squid Alloteuthis subulata (Lamarck, 1798): Towards a model for biomineralization	Biomineralization in cephalopod statocysts in unusual in that ions are secreted into a comparatively large volume of fluid before deposition, rather than being secreted by a membrane applied to the mineralized structure. Ionic composition of statocyst fluid in the squid Alloteuthis subulata is similar to that of blood with the exception of magnesium which has a concentration about 1% of that found in its blood and in seawater. Higher levels inhibit calcification. Natural statocyst fluid inhibits precipitation of calcium carbonate in an artificial statocyst fluid in dilutions of 1:1,000 by increasing the time required for nucleation and slowing the precipitation rate. Preliminary indications of an organic component that reversibly polymerizes with increased pH, together with data on the ionic composition of the statocyst fluid, suggests possible mechanisms by which "diurnal" growth increments are formed in molluscs.
0000027812	Complexity classes defined by counting quantifiers	The polynomial-time counting hierarchy, a hierarchy of complexity classes related to the notion of counting is studied. Some of their structural properties are investigated, settling many open questions dealing with oracle characterizations, closure under Boolean operations, and relations with other complexity classes. A new combinatorial technique to obtain relativized separations for some of the studied classes, which imply absolute separations for some logarithmic time bounded complexity classes, is developed. © 1991 ACM.
0000034870	Humanists and electronic information services: Acceptance and resistance	The design and implementation of online systems in libraries have proceeded without much demonstrated empirical understanding of the complexities of users' needs. The authors interviewed a group of humanist scholars at the University of Pennsylvania about their experiences with the RUN database. These interviews yielded a wide range of responses. Four factors emerged consistently as significant determinants of use: content, connectivity, user-friendliness, and cost. The significance of these factors, individually and in relation to one another, is discussed and evaluated.
0000035240	The size and growth of serial literature 1950-1987, in terms of the number of articles per serial	It is commonly stated and believed that scholarly and scientific journal literature is growing exponentially. To obtain a truer picture of the situation, a study was made of a sample of 190 journals that started life in or before 1930, 20 in each of 9 subject fields, plus 10 extra in literature. The number of articles in each journal in 1950, 1960, 1970, 1980 and 1987 was counted. The analysis showed a rapid growth in most subjects up to 1970, a much slower growth between 1976 and 1980, and a slow growth or decline between 1980 and 1987; the fields of decline included general and physical science and technology. The total number of journals is still increasing, but the rate of growth has dropped dramatically over the last ten years. Although it is possible that more recently established journals would show a different pattern, it seems likely that the overall rate of growth of the total number of journal articles is slow.
0000044180	Inclusive jet cross-section and a search for quark compositeness at the CERN p̄p Collider	The inclusive jet cross-section has been measured at the CERN p̄p Collider (√s=630 GeV) as a function of the jet transverse momentum (pT) and pseudorapidity (η) for pT values up to 180 GeV and for -2<η<2. The results are consistent with leading order QCD calculations, and a lower limit Λc>825 GeV (95% CL) is set on the quark compositeness scale Λc.
0000052766	The density of titanium(IV) oxide liquid	The density of TiO2 liquid in equilibrium witli air has been measured at 1875° to 1925°C using a Ir double bob Archimedean method. The melt density data have been combined with data extrapolated from the CaSiO3-TiO2 join at 1600°C. A combined fit to these density data yields the following description of the density of liquid TiO 2: ρ = 3.7611 - 0.000287(°C), in the temperature range of 1600° to 1925°C. This expansivity value is consistent with those obtained on TiO2-rich melts using a Pt-based system at lower temperature and with multicomponent oxide data. The similarity between the volume of liquid TiO2 and that of crystalline rutile implies a dominantly octahedral coordination of Ti in the liquid state. Copyright © 1991 by The American Ceramic Siciety, Inc.
0000054174	Developmental Antecedents and Measurement of Intergenerational Boundary Violation in a Nonclinic Sample	Although the concept of well-functioning, cross-generational boundaries is central to family systems theory, and clinical observations clearly point to the dysfunctional nature of families in which boundary violation/enmeshment behavior occurs, empirical investigation of this phenomenon is limited, especially in nonclinical samples. The present study reports a method of identifying boundary-violation behavior in nonrisk families rearing 4-year-olds and investigates the family antecedents and correlates of this behavior during infancy. As part of a longitudinal follow-up of families rearing firstborns initially studied in their first year of life, 82 families were seen in a 1-hour videotaped laboratory session when children were 4 years of age. This session included a procedure designed to elicit boundary violation behavior, operationalized through a separation decision-making paradigm. Fifteen families were classified as boundary violators using this procedure. During a family art project later in the laboratory session, husbands and wives in the boundary violation group were more likely to be overcontrolling and intrusive with each other and to undermine each other's parenting efforts. Exploration of the longitudinal data set revealed that these families were distinguished by early and extensive maternal employment coupled with low work/family support, declining marital positivity during the first year of the child's life, and greater likelihood of insecure child-mother attachment at 1 and 3 years. Findings are discussed in terms of the emergent nature of dysfunctional patterns of behavior.
0000055734	Biosynthesis of the spermine alkaloid aphelandrine	Aphelandrine (1) is shown to be biosynthesized in the root cells of Aphelundra tetragona (VAHL) NEES from labelled putrescine (4), spermidine (5), and cinnamic acid (3). Whether spermine (6) and the (p-hydroxycinnamoy1) spermidine 8 are precursors of 1 is uncertain, since the latter is hydrolysed to a large extent before incorporation, and the former is metabolized to 4 and 5. Methionine (7) is the source of the 3-aminopropyl unit of 5 and 6.
0000090043	Japanese-American Acculturation, Counseling Style, Counselor Ethnicity, and Perceived Counselor Credibility	Sixty-eight Japanese Americans completed an acculturation scale, listened to a tape recording of a simulated counseling session, and rated the credibility and attractiveness of the counselor presented in the tape recording. Bicultural participants rated the counselor as more attractive than did Western-identified participants, with the differences most pronounced when the counselor was described as Caucasian American. The Japanese-American counselor was rated as more attractive than the White-American counselor when portraying a directive counseling style but less attractive when portraying a nondirective counseling style under either counseling-style condition. Participants were most willing to see the directive Japanese-American counselor.
0000090694	After-Hours Coverage in Psychology Training Clinics	There is a paucity of literature that addresses emergency coverage in psychology department training clinics. A survey of after-hours emergency coverage procedures in psychology training clinics affiliated with doctoral programs in clinical or professional psychology indicated that 75% of these clinics have some form of after-hours emergency coverage. A chi-square analysis did not show a relationship between criteria for excluding people from clinical services and the decision to provide after-hours emergency services. There were no significant correlations between having after-hours emergency services and the size of the clinic, academic vs. year-round schedule, or APA accreditation of the graduate program. It was concluded that the current standard of emergency coverage in training clinics is generally less than adequate. Appropriate standards of coverage are proposed.
0000095010	Structures of zinc(II) and copper(II) chloride N,N-dimethylformamide solvates	(I) Dichlorobis(N,N-dimethylformamide)- zinc(II), [ZnCl2(C 3H7NO)2], Mr = 282·5, monoclinic, C2/c, a = 13·296 (4), b = 13·254(4), c = 14·702 (6)Å, β= 113̊76(3)°, V = 2371(2)Å3, Z = 8, Dx= 1·583 g cm-3, λ(Mo Kα) = 0·71073 Å, μ(Mo Kα) = 25·5 cm-1, F(000) = 1152, T = 226 K, R = 0·035 for 2825 independent reflections. The Zn atom has a tetrahedral environment of two O atoms from two N,N-dimethylformamide (DMF) molecules and two C1 atoms, with Zn - O distances of 2·003 (2) and 1·993 (2)Å and Zn - Cl distances of 2·203 (1) and 2·214 (1) A. (II) Di-μ-chloro-bis[chlorobis(N,N-dimethylformamide) copper(II)], [CuCl2(C3H7NO)2] 2, Mr = 561·3, monoclinic, P21/n, a = 11·568 (5), b = 11·617(7), c=8·992(4)Å, β=111·87(5)°, V = 1121 (1)Å3, Z = 2, D x = 1·662 g cm-3, λ(Mo Kα) = 0·71073 Å, μ(Mo Kα) = 24·1 cm -1, F(000) = 572, T = 265 K, R = 0·054 for 2577 independent reflections. The structure consists of centrosymmetric chlorinebridged dimers, the bridging Cu - CI distance being 2·661 (2)Å. The coordination around copper is distorted tetragonal pyramidal with two cis 0 atoms [Cu - O= 1·973 (3) and 1·989 (3)Å] and two CI atoms [Cu-Cl = 2·247 (2) and 2·284(1)Å] in the basal plane and the bridging Cl atom axial. The Cu⋯Cu separation in the dimer is 3·613 (2)Å. In both complexes, the DMF ligands ae essentially planar and coordinated to the metal ion in the lone-pair direction of the oxygen donor atom. © 1991 International Union of Crystallography.
0000109634	Factors Associated With Perceived Career Options in American Indian, White, and Hispanic Rural High School Students	Betz and Hackett's (1981) career self-efficacy model was extended using an ethnically mixed (White, Hispanic, American Indian) rural high school population (467 girls and 426 boys). A modified form of Betz and Hackett's interest and self-efficacy instrument was used as well as measures of ethnicity, socioeconomic status, stressful life events, and self-esteem. Gender differences were observed in interest and self-efficacy estimates for same-gender and cross-gender occupations, marked by boys' restricted consideration of cross-gender options. Ethnic differences were noted as well, particularly regarding self-efficacy estimates, with American Indian efficacy lowest for 7 of 18 occupations studied. Stepwise multiple regression analyses with interest and efficacy as the dependent variables yielded equations that varied by ethnicity.
0000127322	Processing of graphical information: A decomposition taxonomy to match data extraction tasks and graphical representations	The design of the user-computer interface is an important component of information system design, especially for interactive systems developed for managerial users. Graphical information presentation methods, which are among the options to be considered in interface design, have gained popularity in recent years as they have become more affordable due to cost reductions in hardware and the availability of software packages. Consequently, systems designers now face a large array of graphical representation options to choose from. Yet, graphics research over the last several years has either produced results that are contradictory or are difficult to interpret and evaluate because of the lack of a sound taxonomy for classifying tasks associated with the processing of graphical information. A key issue facing researchers is, therefore, to develop a taxonomy of tasks for guiding research in the graphics domain. This paper is an attempt to address part of this need by integrating current perspectives on how humans process information presented in graphical form into frameworks and taxonomies useful for understanding, measuring, and evaluating the relative merits of different forms of graphical representation. The paper begins with a review of the relevant literature from which two taxonomies are developed for a selected set of tasks and graphical representations. These taxonomies are then matched using the notion of anchoring characteristics. Anchoring, in the context of this paper, refers to the phenomenon that specific and diverse parts of an image are segmented by graph readers to act as salient and relevant cues, or anchors, when different classes of information are to be extracted from it. In addition, the paper examines the underlying theoretical and empirical support for the anchoring notion, and suggests ways in which the theoretical framework presented may be extended to other tasks and graphical representations. Copyright © 1990, The Institute of Management Sciences.
0000128701	User persistence in scanning postings of a computer-driven information system: LCS	The extent of users' persistence in scanning displays of postings is a basic consideration for designers of computer-driven information systems, one heretofore unaddressed by research. This article reports a study of persistence in scanning postings on one information system. The study combined questioning users about themselves and their searches and analysis of transaction logs of these searches. When users were asked what was the maximum number of postings they would persist in scanning, 15 was the median response. But transaction log analysis showed when searches retrieved between 15 and 30 postings, more users persisted beyond 15 postings than did not. Osers' persistence fell off noticeably when the number of postings retrieved exceeded 30.
0000142256	Endorsement of Therapeutic Factors as a Function of Stage of Group Development and Participant Interpersonal Attitudes	Yalom's (1985) hypotheses about the relationships between group participant interpersonal style, stage of group development, and endorsement of therapeutic factors were examined. Thirty-six growth-group participants filled out critical incident forms that were classified into 1 to 10 therapeutic factors with Bloch, Reibstein, Crouch, Holroyd, & Themen's (1979) taxonomy. As hypothesized, more affiliative participants placed greater emphasis on cognitive therapeutic factors, whereas more nonaffiliative participants placed greater emphasis on behavioral factors. Also, as hypothesized, universality and hope decreased and catharsis increased over MacKenzie's (1983) initial stages of group development. Contrary to our hypotheses, guidance increased across the stages, and acceptance was important at both the engaged and individuation stages. The implications of these findings for group counseling practice, as well as recommendations for future research, are discussed.
0000171432	Contributions of Parental Attachment and Family Structure to the Social and Psychological Functioning of First-Year College Students	The degree to which parental attachment and family structure are related to indexes of social and psychological functioning was examined for a sample of 1st-year college students (173 women and 53 men). Canonical analysis for the female students yielded significant results that were generally consistent with theoretical expectations. Hypothesized characteristics of insecure attachment and 2 dimensions of maladaptive family structure-parental marital conflict and perceived family anxiety concerning separation-were associated with difficulties in social competence and the presence of psychological symptoms. For male students the results of the canonical analysis were not significant. The findings suggest that for college women close parental attachments are adaptive when combined with a family structure that supports individuation.
0000171948	A critical look at expert systems for business information applications	This paper argues that, contrary to the expectations of researchers, academics and practitioners, current expert systems (ES) for business information and decision making applications are actually quite primitive and fall disturbingly short of claims of intelligence. The focus of the article is a discussion of the problems with expert systems and a realistic assessment of the narrow spectrum of ES successes. The problems seriously detract from the prospects of expert systems as practical enhancements to most present-day business information systems.
0000173779	Synthesis of enantiomerically pure mimulaxanthin and of its (9Z,9′Z)- and (15Z)-isomers	We present the details of a synthesis of optically active, enantiomerically pure stereoisomers of mimulaxanthin ( = (3S,5R,6R,3′S,5′R, 6′R)-6,7,6′,7′-tetradehydro-5,6,5′,6′-tetrahydro- β,β-carotin-3,5,3′,5′-tetrol) either as free alcohols 1a and 24a or as their crystalline (t-Bu)Me2Si ethers 1b and 24b. Grasshopper ketone 2a, a presumed synthon, unexpectedly showed a very sluggish reaction with Wittig-Horner reagents. Upon heating with the ylide of ester phosphonates, an addition across the allenic bond occurred. On the contrary, a slow but normal 1,2-addition took place with the ylide from (cyanomethyl) phosphonate but, unexpectedly, with concomitant inversion at the chiral axis. So a mixture of (6R,6S,9E,9Z)-isomers 69 was produced (Scheme I ). However, a fast and very clean 1,2-addition occurred with the ethynyl ketone 12 to yield the esters 13 and 14 (Scheme 2). DlBAH reduction of the separated stereoisomers gave the allenic alcohols 15 and 16 in high yield. Mild oxidation to the aldehydes 17 and 18 followed by their condensation with the acetylenic C 10-bis-ylide 19 led to the stereoisomeric 15,15′- didehydromimulaxanthins 20 and 22, respectively (Schemes 3 and 4). Mimulaxanthins 1 and 24 were prepared by partial hydrogenation of 20 and 22 followed by a thermal (Z/E)-isomerization. As expected, the mimulaxanthins exhibit very weak CD curves, obviously caused by the allenic bond that insulates the chiral centers in the end group from the chromophor. On the contrary , some of the C15-allenic synthons showed not only fairly strong CD effects but also a split CD curve which, in our interpretation, results from an exciton coupling between the allene and the C(9)=C(10) bond. We postulate a rotation around the C(8)-C(9) bond, presumably caused by an intramolecular H-bond in 16 or by a dipol interaction between the polarized double bonds in 6, 7,8, and 17.
0000197251	Reframing and Restraining Directives in the Treatment of Clinical Depression	We tested the effects of reframing and restraining directives on depression of high- and low-reactant clients. Reframing was more effective than restraining or control, and level of reactance had no effect. Restraining did not differ from control. Subjects were 74 moderately to severely depressed outpatients. Results are discussed in light of the compliance-defiance model of paradoxical interventions and psychological reactance theory.
0000206818	Feminist-Informed Family Therapy for the Treatment of Intrafamily Child Sexual Abuse	Feminists are critical of family therapists in the treatment of incest because of their exclusive reliance on family systems theory, which blinds them to the societal impact and the effect of incest on individual members of the family. This article argues, however, that although the feminist critique of family therapy has raised important and irrefutable concerns regarding the political aspects of sexual abuse and family therapy, one of the most effective ways to address these concerns is through family therapy itself. A model for feminist-informed family therapy, which integrates the feminist, child sexual abuse, and family therapy literature, is explored. It is proposed that protection and empowerment of the incest victim is best done through a gender-sensitive family systems approach to treatment.
0000220854	Lithium-salt effects in peptide synthesis: Part II. Improvement of degree of resin swelling and of efficiency of coupling in solid-phase synthesis	The course of solid-phase peptide-coupling reactions as well as the swelling properties of a peptide-resin are influenced by the addition of inorganic salts (LiCl, LiBr, LiClO4, KSCN). Used as additives, these salts can i ) improve coupling yields (e.g., for Fmoc-(Ala)5-Phe- resin→ Fmoc-(Ala)6-Phe-resin in DMF/CH2Cl2 1:1 from 89.4 to 97.1% (for poly(ethy1ene oxide) on polystyrene (= PEO-PS) resin) or from 77.5 to 93.8% (for poly-(N, N′-dimethylacrylamide) on 'Kieselgur' (= PDMAA-KG) resin) without and with 0.4M LiCl, respectively), ii) increase resin swelling (e.g. for Fmoc-(Ala)5-Phe-(polystyrene resin) from 2.42- to 5.71-fold in l-methylpyrrolidin-2-one (= NMP) without and with LiCl, respectively), and iii) change coupling rates. Examples of coupling reactions and swelling behaviour (degree and rate) in different solvents (DMF, DMF/CH2Cl2 1:1, THF, NMP, N,N-dimethylpropyleneurea (= DMPU) with and without salts) using different resins (polystyrene (PS); PEO-PS, and PDMAA-KG) and an improved analysis of alanine oligomers up to Ala 12-Phe by HPLC and FAB-MS are reported.
0000222567	Squid cross-striated muscle: The evolution of a specialized muscle fiber type	The musculature of the arms and tentacles of squid provides an opportunity to examine the specialization of muscle because these two appendage types are specialized for different types of movement and the relation between structure and function has been examined at behavioral, morphological, mechanical, ultrastructural and biochemical levels. In morphological and biomechanical studies it was shown that a specific muscle mass of the tentacles, the transverse muscle, produces the extremely rapid extension of the tentacles that occurs during prey capture. Although the gross arrangement and fiber architecture of this tentacle muscle is remarkably similar to the homologous muscle in the arms, the ultrastructure of the muscle cells of the tentacle muscle differs from that of all other cephalopod musculature. The ultrastructural characteristics of the tentacle muscle cells include transverse striation and short sarcomeres, which are indicative of specialization for fast contraction. Biochemical analysis of the myofilament proteins of the musculature of the arms and tentacles suggests little accompanying alteration of the biochemical composition of these fast contracting cells. Thus, the specialization of the muscle cells for fast contraction appears to have occurred primarily through changes in the arrangement and dimensions of the components within the muscle cells rather than through changes in their gross arrangement or biochemical composition.
0000224174	Stability and stabilizability of Discrete Event Dynamic Systems	A finite-state automaton is adopted as a model for Discrete Event Dynamic Systems (DEDS). Stability is defined as visiting a given set E infinitely often. Stabilizability is defined as choosing state feedback such that the closed loop system is stable. These notions are proposed as properties of resiliency or error-recovery. An important ingredient in stability is shown to be a notion of transition-function-invariance. Relations between our notions of stability and invariance, and the notions of safety, fairness, livelock, deadlock, etc., in computer science literature are pointed out. Connections are established between our notions of invariance and the classical notions of A-invariance and (A, B)-invariance of linear systems. Polynomial algorithms for testing stability and stabilizability, and for constructing a stabilizing control law are also presented. © 1991 ACM.
0000227510	Measurement of the Λc+ decay-asymmetry parameter	We report a measurement of A polarization in the two-body decay Λc+ → Λπ+ in nonresonant e+e- interactions from data taken with the CLEO detector. Using these data we have determined the parityviolating asymmetry decay parameter αΛc to be -1.0±0.00.4. We see no evidence for significant Λc+ polarization.
0000227795	Study of K* production in tau decay	We report on a study of charged and neutral K* production in tau decay. We obtain a branching ratio value BR(τ-→K*-ντX0) = (1.43±0.11±0.13)%, where X0 designates possible unobserved neutral particles (charge conjugate modes are implicit). We observe the first signals for inclusive K*0 and K̄*0 production in τ- decay, and determine the inclusive branching ratios τ-→K*0K-ν τX0 and τ-K̄*0π-ν τX0 to be (0.32±0.08±0.12)% and (0.38±0.11±0.13)%, respectively. We have searched for the decay τ-→K0K-ντX 0 and set a limit of 8×10-3 at 90% confidence level.
0000246739	The impact of automation on professional catalogers	The introduction of the bibliographic utilities in the 1970s produced far-reaching changes in cataloging departments by allowing the bulk of the material to be processed more quickly and cost effectively by nonprofessionals. In turn, that change caused professionals' duties to shift to handling the more difficult items and ignited a body of literature that discussed those catalogers' future roles. This paper tracks the dislocations brought about by the utilities for professional catalogers and tests the foresight of the forecasters by analyzing job advertisements for catalogers from 1970 to 1989.
0000249767	Mathematics Self-Efficacy: Sources and Relation to Science-Based Career Choice	This study explored (a) the relation of the four hypothesized sources of efficacy information (personal performance accomplishments, vicarious learning, social persuasion, and emotional arousal) to mathematics self-efficacy percepts and (b) the relations among self-efficacy, outcome expectations, interest in mathematics-related college courses, and choice of science-based careers. Subjects were 138 introductory psychology students. Results indicated that the efficacy informational sources were significantly predictive of and helped explain gender differences in mathematics self-efficacy, that outcome expectations complemented self-efficacy in predicting interest and choice indexes, and that the effects of self-efficacy on science-related career choice were mediated by interests. Implications for the further extension of social-cognitive theory to career behavior are discussed.
0000251307	Multiobjective A	A multiobjective generalization of the heuristic search algorithm A * is presented, called MOA*. The research is motivated by the observation that most real-world problems involve multiple, conflicting, and noncommensurate objectives. MOA* explicitly accommodates this observation by identifying the set of all nondominated paths from a specified start node to a given set of goal nodes in an OR graph. It is shown that MOA* is complete and, when used with a suitably defined set of admissible heuristic functions, admissible. Several results concerning the comparison of versions of MOA* directed by different sets of heuristic functions are provided. The implications of using a monotone or consistent set of heuristic functions in MOA* are also discussed. Two simple examples are used to illustrate the behavior of the algorithm. © 1991 ACM 0004-5411/91/1000-0775 $01.50.
0000254271	Who Gets Attacked? A National Survey of Patient Violence Directed at Psychologists in Clinical Practice	A nationwide anonymous survey of 750 psychologists practicing psychotherapy was conducted to determine the incidence of patient violent attacks on clinicians and to examine factors related to these episodes. A useable return rate of 48.5% was obtained (N = 340). A total of 39.9% of the respondents reported having been attacked on 1 or more occasions, and 49% indicated that they had been verbally threatened with physical attack. Several demographic and clinical factors, including work site and level of professional experience were found to be related to episodes of patient attacks and threats.
0000256370	Preliminary study on the feeding by Loligo gahi (Cephalopoda:Loliginidae)	The stomach contents of 13 specimens of Loligo gahi, captured off the Falkland Islands, were examined. The squids had all fed upon one species of crustacean belonging to the genus Euphausia. The weight of the stomach contents was between 4.5 and 8.0% of the total wet body weight. Several stomachs contained eyes from as many 96 to 244 individuals of this crustacean. The results shows that this species has a type and food intake similar to other loliginids and ommastrephids from temperate and boreal waters. Loligo gahi is fished in considerable quantity from these waters and its feeding habits indicate that it has an important influence on the krill, playing an important role in the trophic web of the ecosystem in these waters.
0000265564	How Many Psychologists Are Needed? A Call for a National Psychology Human Resource Agenda	Although the unemployment level for psychologists has been modest in the past decade, the proliferation of graduate training programs has dramatically increased the number of psychologists. Changes in the health care system over the past decade have resulted in diminished manpower needs in other health professions such as dentistry and medicine. Cost containment reform will likely reduce the need for psychology work force as well, particularly because the majority of psychologists currently enter applied areas. Psychology has already surpassed earlier projected levels of labor force need. The growing number of psychologists in an era of rising consciousness about costs and accountability within the health care system suggests a critical need to evaluate future work force needs and to regulate accordingly the number of graduate students being trained.
0000272385	To Arrive Where We Began: A Reappraisal of Cognition in Marriage and in Marital Therapy	The explosion of research on cognition in marriage and in marital therapy has had little impact on everyday interventions with couples. To examine how research can contribute more directly to clinical practice, the evolution of marital cognition research is traced and its contribution to enhancing marital therapy is evaluated. Although several desiderata are offered to improve current research on cognitive interventions, it is concluded that a more complete understanding of the role of cognition in marriage and marital therapy requires reappraisal of the assumptions made about cognition. An analysis is therefore offered of the domain of cognition, and its implications for evaluating the efficacy of cognitive interventions are outlined.
0000273239	Proving refutational completeness of theorem-proving strategies: The transfinite semantic tree method	In this paper, a proof method based on a notion of transfinite semantic trees is presented and it is shown how to apply it to prove the completeness of refutational theorem proving methods for first order predicate calculus with equality. To demonstrate how this method is used, the completeness of two theorem-proving strategies, both refinements of resolution and paramodulation, are proved. Neither of the strategies need the functionally reflexive axioms nor paramodulating into variables. Therefore the Wos-Robinson conjecture follows as a corollary. Another strategy for Horn logic with equality is also presented. © 1991 ACM.
0000280419	Effective IS security: An empirical study	Information security has not been a high priority for most managers. Many permit their installations to be either lightly protected or wholly unprotected, apparently willing to risk major losses from computer abuse. This study, based on the criminological theory of general deterrence, investigates whether a management decision to invest in IS security results in more effective control of computer abuse. Data gathered through a survey of 1, 211 randomly selected organizations indicates that security countermeasures that include deterrent administrative procedures and preventive security software will result in significantly lower computer abuse. Knowledge about these relationships is useful for making key decisions about the security function. Copyright © 1990, The Institute of Management Sciences.
0000308753	Measuring the Working Alliance in Counselor Supervision	We developed the Supervisory Working Alliance Inventory (SWAI) to measure the relationship in counselor supervision. SWAI was based conceptually on the work of Greenson (1967), Pepinsky and Patton (1971), and others. Three supervisor factors (Client Focus, Rapport, and Identification) and two trainee factors (Rapport and Client Focus) were extracted by factor analysis. The scores on the SWAI were found to possess adequate scale reliability, and evidence of convergent and divergent validity for the SWAI was established by examining its relation to selected scales from the Supervisory Styles Inventory (Friedlander & Ward, 1984). Trainee scores on the Rapport and Client Focus scales of the SWAI were significant predictors of scores on the Self-Efficacy Inventory (Friedlander & Snyder, 1983). Implications for counselor training are discussed in the context of additional research on the psychometric properties of the SWAI.
0000313114	Autoepistemic logic	Autoepistemic logic is one of the principal modes of nonmonotonic reasoning. It unifies several other modes of nonmonotonic reasoning and has important applications in logic programming. In the paper, a theory of autoepistemic logic is developed. This paper starts with a brief survey of some of the previously known results. Then, the nature of nonmonotonicity is studied by investigating how membership of autoepistemic statements in autoepistemic theories depends on the underlying objective theory. A notion similar to set-theoretic forcing is introduced. Expansions of autoepistemic theories are also investigated. Expansions serve as sets of consequences of an autoepistemic theory and they can also be used to define semantics for logic programs with negation. Theories that have expansions are characterized, and a normal form that allows the description of all expansions of a theory is introduced. Our results imply algorithms to determine whether a theory has a unique expansion. Sufficient conditions (stratification) that imply existence of a unique expansion are discussed. The definition of stratified theories is extended and (under some additional assumptions) efficient algorithms for testing whether a theory is stratified are proposed. The theorem characterizing expansions is applied to two classes of theories, K1-theories and ae-programs. In each case, simple hypergraph characterization of expansions of theories from each of these classes is given. Finally, connections with stable model semantics for logic programs with negation is discussed. In particular, it is proven that the problem of existence of stable models is NP-complete. © 1991 ACM.
0000323181	An 11-Year Analysis of Black Students' Experience of Problems and Use of Services: Implications for Counseling Professionals	Problems experienced and services used by Black students were examined in the same environment over an 11-year period. We made use of five survey periods (1976, 1978, 1980, 1982, and 1987) and found that issues of finances, academic adjustment, and living conditions were paramount. Kruskal-Wallis one-way analyses of variance indicated that the mean ranking of the most serious problem did not differ significantly between samples by years or for the total sample by sex, classification, age, or place of residence. However, multiple regression analyses indicated that use of several services could be predicted by sex, classification, age, and place of residence. Additionally, the use of services was not always consistent with the rankings. This was particularly true for mental health concerns. Implications of the results for counseling and helping professionals are discussed.
0000326140	Gender Role, Gender-Role Conflict, and Psychological Well-Being in Men	This study examined two constructs pertaining to the male gender role (gender role and gender-role conflict) in relation to a broad range of indices of psychological well-being. One-hundred-ninety male undergraduate students completed 7 instruments assessing the male role constructs and measures of psychological well-being. The scores on the Gender Role Conflict Scale were not related to masculinity scores but were related to femininity scores. In addition, the results revealed that gender-role conflict was negatively related to almost all of the measures of psychological well-being. Finally, a canonical analysis revealed at least two independent sources of covariation in the well-being and gender-role constructs, which were labeled traditional well-being and affiliative well-being.
0000331723	Dimensions of public library effectiveness II: Library performance	The purpose of the Public Library Effectiveness Study (PLES) was to investigate the construct of public library effectiveness, and to develop a methodology that could be transferred to other types of libraries and possibly other kinds of organizations. This article reports on the dimensions of public library effectiveness revealed by libraries' performance, as assessed by the librarians working in each library. Librarians in a national sample of 84 public libraries were surveyed and asked to rate their library's performance on each of 61 indicators of public library effectiveness. Respondents rated their libraries as performing best on services, and least well on items related to community relations and staff size. The factor analysis identified 12 dimensions of performance. The PLES is significant as the first empirical investigation into the dimensions of the construct of public library au.
0000350266	A portfolio approach to evaluating information systems investments and setting priorities	The types of benefits which a business can obtain from investments in Information Systems (IS) have developed and become more varied over time. During that same period many organizations have become dependent on their Information Systems in terms of how they do business and some have used IS to gain competitive or strategic advantages. This article explores the nature of the benefits that can accrue in relation to the business objectives of IS investments. A portfolio model is discussed which helps management evaluate the relative importance of such investments to the business and hence to define how each investment can be appraised and managed. In order to maintain a coherent strategy for managing IS investments, not only must they all be evaluated on a consistent basis, but priorities amongst the applications must be established on the same set of criteria. Again the portfolio approach enables management to address this issue in a rational way, based on business needs and imperatives.
0000352989	Factors related to frequency of use of CD-ROM: A study of ERIC in an academic library	This study investigated some of the factors associated with frequency of use of ERIC CD-ROM, including gender, age, level of familiarity with computers, and level of study. During the winter semester of 1988, 231 education students from Concordia University were surveyed. The instrument used was a mailed questionnaire, which elicited a 63.6% rate of return. The analyses carried out included frequencies of variables and cross-tabulations, using chi-square to test for independence between variables. All factors were found to be statistically significant with the exception of level of study. Since the results obtained for gender were strong, further analysis was carried out controlling for gender.
0000354667	Preparation of a key intermediate for the synthesis of the (±)-pentalenolactone E methyl ester by catalytic 'palladium-ene cyclization'/methoxycarbonylation	Bicyclic alcohol (±)-2, an advanced intermediate for the synthesis of the methyl ester 1 of pentalenolactone E, has been synthesized in nine operations starting from aldehyde 7. The key step 6→9 is a Pd-catalyzed, tandem intramolecular alkyne allylation/carbonylation reaction.
0000358314	Faster scaling algorithms for general graph-matching problems	An algorithm for minimum-cost matching on a general graph with integral edge costs is presented. The algorithm runs in time close to the fastest known bound for maximum-cardinality matching. Specifically, let n, in, and N denote the number of vertices, number of edges, and largest magnitude of a cost, respectively. The best known time bound for maximum-cardinality matching is 0(√nm). The new algorithm for minimum-cost matching has time bound 0(√nα(m,n)log n m log(nN)). A slight modification of the new algorithm finds a maximum-cardinality matching in o(√nm) time. Other applications of the new algorithm are given, including an efficient implementation of Christofides' travelling salesman approximation algorithm and efficient solutions to update problems that require the linear programming duals for matching. © 1991 ACM 0004-5411/91/1000-0815 $01.50.
0000363224	A Longitudinal Test of the Influence of Congruence: Job Satisfaction, Competency Utilization, and Counterproductive Behavior	The assumption that congruence between workers and jobs results in job satisfaction is fundamental to vocational theory. Evidence that person-job congruence goes with satisfaction is mixed; correlations are often too small to be of practical value. A hypothesis that interest congruence is more closely linked with job satisfaction for workers with clearly defined interests as opposed to workers with poorly defined interests is tested. Hypotheses about other consequences of person-job incongruence-counterproductive behavior, low job involvement, and turnover-also are tested in a predictive study. The hypothesis that differentiation moderates the relation between congruence and satisfaction and other hypotheses about the consequences of incongruence did not receive support, but the results do imply that congruence is a moderately efficient predictor of satisfaction when between-occupation sources of variance are excluded by the research design.
0000374617	Ctenopteryx the comb-fin squid is related to Loligo	Ctenopteryx shows a combination of unique features with others that are found only in loliginids and Pickfordiaeuthis. The fins differ superficially from those of other cephalopods and are here fully described for the first time. Their muscles are largely reduced to a series of hydro-muscular rays, but these may operate on the same principle as in other squids. The affinity with loliginids is shown by several characters and especially by the fusion of nerve axons in the giant fiber system. Ctenopteryx has thus evolved in many ways on its own line but it shares distinctive characters with loliginids, as was shrewdly noticed by Naef in 1921. It should be classified nearer to them than to other teuthoids, perhaps in the suborder Myopsida (although the eye chamber is open). Ctenopteryx is cosmopolitan but it is not clear what niche its fins and other special features enable it to occupy in the mesopelagic to bathypelagic zones. It may be considered as a teuthoid related to loliginids, which has become adapted to deep water.
0000381162	Content analysis of research articles in library and information science	A content analysis of the research of library and information science (LIS) is reported. The aim of the study is to find out how international research in LIS is distributed over various topics and what approaches and methods have been used to investigate these topics. The study sample consists of 833 articles published during 1985 in 37 core journals in LIS. Complete articles of the journals were analyzed according to 11 variables covering their topic, approach, and method. Fifty-four percent of the articles were classified as research articles and 46% as professional articles (e.g. reviews, discussions, bibliographies, etc.). The proportion of library and information service activities, and information storage and retrieval among the topics of the research articles were each nearly 30%. There was very little research on information seeking (6%) and scientific communication (7%). The proportion of empirical research methods was 56%, with survey method (22%) as the single most important method. Argumentation was employed in 23% of the articles, and system analysis, description, and design in 15%. A cross-tabulation of article topics and methods is presented.
0000386042	Personal name variations: Implications for authority control in computerized catalogs	The effects of personal name variations on authority control and data retrieval in computerized catalogs are explored by studying the names of 395 persons receiving entries in the catalog of the University of California at San Diego libraries. Although 63 % of the people receive entries for more than one title, nearly 82 % of all persons hope only one name form in all bibliographic transcriptions and the authority records of approximately 67% contain no references. Of those with only one transcribed form of name, 45 % receive entries for 2 or more titles and the authority records of nearly 62 % contain no references. Fullness of forename is the most common variation among multiple names for the same person. Enhanced search and retrieval programs will collocate bibliographic records associated with most individuals without the assistance of a full MARC authority file, even if a person's name varies in bibliographic transcription or controlled headings and references. Few local control problems are expected with abbreviated authority files.
0000394373	Stigmatization of AIDS Patients by Mental Health Professionals	Clinical/counseling psychologists and social workers N = 185 from 13 cities in the U.S. read 1 of 4 vignettes describing a patient. Subjects completed questionnaires that assessed their reactions to the patient described in the vignette. The vignettes were identical except that the patient was identified as having AIDS or leukemia, and the patient's sexual orientation as either homosexual or heterosexual. Results indicate that subjects who rated a patient with AIDS were less likely to accept them for treatment, make physical contact, and were more likely to believe they were less deserving of sympathy than subjects rating patients with leukemia. Participants who did not have previous AIDS education/training were more likely to hold negative attitudes toward gay individuals and persons with AIDS.
0000404108	The Right to Prescribe Medication: Considerations for Professional Psychology	The issue of prescription privileges for psychologists is discussed. Although there has been a noticeable increase in interest surrounding this issue, psychologists appear to be divided on whether they want the right to prescribe medications. Supporters argue that prescription privileges would promote psychology's image as a complete mental health provider; improve access to mental health services, particularly in rural areas; increase financial benefits; and improve professional esteem. Prior to the acquisition of such privileges, a number of professional issues must be resolved. The most important of these are: (a) psychology's relationship with psychiatry; (b) psychology's theoretical foundation; (c) psychopharmacology training; (d) licensure; and (e) malpractice liability. With increasing evidence for the role of biological factors in mental illness, the growing identification of psychology as a health discipline, and the recognition of the need for a more comprehensive standard of care, prescription privileges appear to be the next major developmental challenge facing the profession in the future. © 1991 American Psychological Association.
0000430076	Computer Versus Counselor Interpretation of Interest Inventories: The Case of the Self-Directed Search	Interpretations of 100 career counselees' responses to the Self-Directed Search (SDS) were examined. The agreement between the scales (types) that were identified as relevant by the algorithm developed for this study and by 5 career counselors was as high as the agreement among the counselors (85%). The agreement between the counselors and Holland's 3-letter codes was lower (76%). In the 2nd study, insignificant correlations (r = .06 and -.03) were found between the counselors' judgments of the counselee's degree of interest crystallization and Holland's (1985a) measure of consistency, but their judgments were correlated (r = .41 and .45) with similarity within profile (an index of crystallization, Gati, 1985). In the 3rd study, various measures of the compatibility among the SDS's three major sections were found to be correlated with the counselor's judgements (.39 < r < .71). Implications for the interpretation of interest inventories are discussed.
0000438466	Evaluating IT investments - Matching techniques to projects	This paper presents part of a three-year Kobler Unit study into current practices of managing IT investments involving 60 managers from 34 British companies. Guidelines were collected to assess the true costs of deploying IT, taking into account technological costs, human costs and organizational costs. By identifying examples of best practice, an evaluation methodology was then developed which concentrates on both the primary objectives of systems and on the inevitable second-order effects resulting from the broader human and organizational impact. The methodology is eclectic in that it matches specific evaluation techniques to distinct classes of IT projects.
0000444790	Localization of tandemly repeated DNA sequences in Arabidopsis thaliana	In-situ hybridization to interphase nuclei and chromosomes of Arabidopsis thaliana (2n = 10) shows that there are four sites of rDNA in a diploid nucleus. The sites are located on chromosomes 2 and 4, and the strength of hybridization indicates that copy number is similar at both pairs of sites. Hybridization to trisomic line 4 revealed five hybridization sites. Silver staining of nucleoli demonstrates that all four loci can be active in diploid interphase nuclei. The tandemly repeated probe pAL.1 hybridizes near to the centromeres of all five chromosome pairs. In diploid interphase nuclei, 10 sites of hybridization are detected, while 15 are seen in triploid nuclei. The sites of hybridization co-localize with the centromeric heterochromatin visualized by staining DNA with the fluorochrome DAPI. The results demonstrate that molecular cytogenetics can be applied to A. thaliana and high resolution physical chromosome maps can be generated. Both probes may be useful for interphase cytogenetics, where they enable chromosome number and aneuploidy to be examined in tissues without divisions. The physical localization of these hybridization sites provides a starting point for linking RFLP and physical chromosome maps.
0000450846	Two-jet differential cross section in p̄p collisions at √s = 1.8 TeV	The two-jet differential cross section d3σ(p̄p → jet 1 + jet 2 + X)/dEtdη1dη2, averaged over -0.6 ≤ η1 ≤ 0.6, at √s = 1.8 TeV, has been measured in the Collider Detector at Fermilab. The predictions of leading-order quantum chromodynamics for most choices of structure functions show agreement with the data.
0000453638	Measurement of the W-boson PT distribution in p̄p collisions at √s=1.8 TeV	Using the Collider Detector at Fermilab, the W-boson differential cross section dσ/dPT is measured using W → ev events in proton-antiproton collisions at √s=1.8 TeV. A next-to-leading-order theoretical calculation agrees well with the data. The cross section (σ) for PT > 50 GeV/c is measured to be 423 ± 58(stat) ± 108(syst) pb.
0000465282	Analysis of matrix heat exchanger performance	Matrix heat exchangers, invented forty years ago, have found widespread applications during the last two decades. Because of their unique construction, they satisfy the diverse requirements of high compactness, high transfer coefficient, low axial conductivity, and uniform flow distribution. The heat transfer mechanism in these exchangers is quite complex. Convective heat transfer takes place in the pores as well as in the front and rear faces of the plates. Conduction heat transfer takes place in two directions: between the streams through the perforated plates, and along the separating wall in the axial direction. The five sources of heat transfer are strongly coupled with each other. The governing equations have been derived and simplified using well-justified assumptions. The discrete structure of the exchanger helps in reducing the partial differential equations to sets of algebraic and ordinary differential equations. A numerical scheme is presented for solving these equations. Its use is illustrated with two examples. Copyright © 1991 by ASME.
0000474418	Test Anxiety and Academic Competence: A Comparison of Alternative Models	The ability of 3 theoretical models to explain the academic performance and test anxiety of 178 undergraduates was compared. The cognitive-attentional model includes negative thoughts and underlying concerns. The cognitive-skills model also includes study habits. The social learning model includes self-efficacy and outcome expectations as well as goal-related motivation. In hierarchical regressions, variable sets from all models added unique variance to explain performance and to explain test anxiety. Cognitive-attentional processes emerged as relatively more important than academic skills or social learning processes, though the latter sets did contribute significantly. It is recommended that cognitive-attentional accounts be replaced by multiple-deficit formulations, and that multimodal counseling address cognitive, skills, and social learning processes.
0000482703	Session Depth and Smoothness in Relation to the Concept of Engagement in Counseling	Investigated the relation of client-counselor evaluation of initial interview to client return for another session. At the end of the initial session, 5 professionals, 5 practicum trainees, and their 290 college-student clients completed the depth and smoothness indexes of the Session Evaluation Questionnaire (Stiles, 1980). Clients also completed the Client Satisfaction Questionnaire (Larsen, Attkisson, Hargreaves, & Nguyen, 1979), and counselors completed items from the Pre-Counseling Assessment Blank (Gelso & Johnson, 1983). The duration of the intake interview was recorded. Client return was positively related to: longer interviews; deeper interviews, as rated by both client and counselor; and greater client satisfaction, disturbance, and motivation. The results are discussed in relation to the concept that the initial session represents an engagement session when clients return for more sessions.
0000484061	Differences in Values Between Short-Term and Long-Term Therapists	We empirically examined Budman and Gurman's theoretical proposals concerning major differences in the value systems of long- vs. short-term therapists. Ss were 222 randomly selected licensed psychologists who indicated their preferred approach (short-term or long-term). Values were assessed with a scale designed for the study. Overall, results indicate that therapists who prefer a short-term approach are more likely to endorse the proposed values of the short-term therapist than are therapists who prefer a long-term approach. This finding held even after the authors controlled for the significant contributions of theoretical orientation and therapeutic practice variables. Specifically, short-term (vs. long-term) therapists believed more that psychological change could occur outside of therapy and that setting time limits would intensify the therapeutic work. Implications for the practice of brief therapy are discussed.
0000486554	Problem-Solving Appraisal, Self-Reported Study Habits, and Performance of Academically At-Risk College Students	We examined the relations among problem-solving appraisal, self-reported study habits, and academic performance for 63 college students enrolled in a developmental course for academically unprepared students. The participants completed measures of self-appraised problem-solving ability and study habits. Indexes of academic ability and performance were also collected. Regression analyses revealed that problem-solving appraisal was significantly predictive of study habits and semester grade-point average. The results indicate that problem-solving appraisal is related to study habits and academic performance among academically at-risk students, and they suggest that problem-solving appraisal encompasses more than social skill.
0000489161	Characterization of the protein import apparatus in isolated outer envelopes of chloroplasts	Isolated outer envelope membrane from pea (Pisum sativum L.) chloroplasts can be used in vitro to study binding and partial translocation of precursor proteins destined for the inside of the organelle. Efficient binding to a receptor protein on the outside of the membrane vesicle and generation of a translocation intermediate depends strictly on the presence of ATP. Protease treatment of the translocation intermediate demonstrates its insertion into the membrane. The membrane-inserted precursor protein cannot be extracted by 1 M NaCl and is also NaOH resistant to a large extent. Mild solubilization of outer envelope membranes by detergent resulted in the isolation of a complex which still contained the precursor protein. We have identified a constitutively expressed homologue hsc 70 as part of this membrane complex. Antibodies against hsp 70 (inducible heat shock protein 70) were able to immuno-precipitate the complex bound precursor protein. A second protein of 86 kDa molecular weight (OEP 86) from the outer envelope membrane was also identified as a major component of this complex.
0000500854	Sediment blanketing and the flexural strength of extended continental lithosphere	The flexural rigidity of the oceanic lithosphere is strongly dependent on its temperature structure at the time of loading. It is commonly assumed that the depth to the 450°C isotherm defines the effective elastic thickness Te of the lithosphere. However, recent gravity studies across the Baltimore Canyon and Nova Scotian margins suggest that : emperature may play a more complicated role in controlling the mechanical strength of extended continental lithosphere. For example, the flexural strength of the Baltimore Canyon margin (with sediment thicknesses of ≈ 15 km) appears to be controlled by the depth to the 150°C isotherm whereas the strength of the Nova Scotian margin (with sediment thicknesses cf≈ 10 km) is controlled by the depth to the 250°C isotherm. The apparent correlation between sediment thickness and controlling isotherm suggests that sediment blanketing may play a role in modifying the flexural strength of extended continental lithosphere. This hypothesis was investigated by simulating the sedimentation history of a margin as a Gaussian function in which sedimentation peak and rate are determined by the mean and standard deviation of the function. The temperature structure of the lithosphere is continually modified as sediments are deposited on, and incorporated into the temperature structure of, the underlying lithosphere. Given a 'starting' value of Tc defined by the degree of extension of the lithosphere, the modification of 7e appears to be directly proportional to the sedimentation rate and cumulative sediment thickness, and inversely proportional to the time at which the sedimentation rate is a maximum. The first-order consequence of sediment blanketing is to reduce the cooling rate of the lithosphere relative to cooling in the absence of sediments. At thermal equilibrium, the initial value of Te is reduced by the cumulative sediment thickness. Local isostatic conditions (i.e. Te e≈ 0) can only be approached when the sedimentation rate is unrealistically high (° 1000 m/Myr) during the rift or early post-rift phase of basin development. However, while these early loads may be locally compensated, any subsequent loads will be regionally compensated. Thus, it is unlikely that the low present-day flexural strengths interpreted from the Baltimore Canyon and Nova Scotian passive continental margins are a consequence of sediment blanketing.
0000513331	Mood-Regulation Expectancies as Determinants of Dysphoria in College Students	Predictors of coping styles, depression, and somatic symptoms in college students were examined. In previous research, the use of active and avoidant coping strategies was predicted by stress, family support, self-confidence, and easygoing disposition. This study found that the expectancy to be able to alter one's mood state added significantly to the prediction of coping. Mood-regulation expectancies also predicted dysphoria and somatic symptoms, even with the effects of coping behavior and other variables partialed out. Consistent with response expectancy theory (Kirsch, 1985, 1990), these data indicate that besides affecting mood indirectly through their impact on coping behavior, expectancies can directly alter dysphoric moods. However, when the effects of expectancy were statistically controlled, active coping was positively associated with dysphoria, which suggests that coping strategies may not be effective unless they are believed in.
0000514342	The Scientist-Practitioner Connection: A Bridge in Need of Constant Attention	Recent criticisms of the methods and mission of science and the sufficiency of an empirically based epistemology extend to the scientist-practitioner model of practice because of its foundation in the traditional view of science. Applied psychology should draw on basic research, but it must blend this knowledge with technology and heuristics that relate it to the practical problem at hand. The development of guidelines translating robust implications of scientific knowledge into heuristics for professional use has been much neglected. Bonding of science and practice, from both directions, requires support of an organized group of specialists whose primary tasks are (a) to explore the utility of basic theories and research for practice and to develop rules of when to use which theory or data set for specified situations and (b) to formulate research questions arising from practice-based observations and speculations.
0000531724	The collection and use of information by some American historians: A study of motives and methods	Previous literature on the information needs and uses of historians has tended to focus on the use of libraries and specific types of materials, rather than on the motivations for, and results of, such use. Yet understanding this prior process of historical inquiry might help us to develop improved services and facilities for scholars. A study of twenty American historians was conducted in order to better understand the nature of research in history. Respondents were asked about their choice of research topics, specific projects in progress, use of archives, categorization of materials collected, writing habits, and use of computers. Interviews were tape-recorded, transcribed, and analyzed using standard, qualitative techniques. The results are discussed in the light of previous investigations of historians and the published statements of classification experts regarding the organization of historical knowledge. Suggestions for future study of historians are offered, and implications for libraries are explored. © 1991 by The University of Chicago. All rights reserved.
0000535670	Slow, target associated particles produced in ultrarelativistic heavy-ion interactions	The slow, target associated particles produced in ultrarelativistic heavy-ion interactions are a quantitative probe of the cascading processes in the spectator parts of the target nucleus. These processes are directly influenced by the proper timescale for the formation of hadronic matter. In this letter we show experimental data on singly and multiply charged particles, with velocities smaller than 0.7c, produced in ultrarelativistic heavy-ion interactions in nuclear emulsion.
0000545269	Trends in Reporting Psychometric Properties of Scales Used in Counseling Psychology Research	Reports of reliability and validity estimates are necessary to determine the adequacy of scales' psychometric properties. In this study we examined the frequency of reports of psychometric properties for scales described in the 1967, 1977, and 1987 volumes of the Journal of Counseling Psychology. The results indicated that researchers have increasingly provided reference citations for scales and reliability estimates as well as reliability estimates for their samples. At the same time the majority of the scales in the 1987 volume had no reported sample or cited reliability estimates. The modal number of items per scale over the 3 time periods remained at 1. A set of guidelines for reporting scale characteristics is proposed, and potential explanations for researchers' frequent omission of psychometric data are discussed.
0000551663	Mexican Americans' Initial Preferences for Counselors: The Role of Ethnic Factors	In 3 studies, Mexican-American college students reported a clear preference for ethnically similar counselors. These findings are robust because they pertain to both men and women, they pertain to persons who have and have not sought counseling, they are not significantly influenced by the experimenter's ethnicity, and they apply to students who have considered professional help for a wide range of personal problems. Furthermore, the 3rd study demonstrated that these preference ratings are unlikely to be a function of the participants' knowing the intent of the studies. Contrary to the mixed findings of past research, the present research suggests that ethnicity plays an important role in the counseling of Mexican Americans. It is argued that the methodologies used to assess preference (as either a judgment or a choice) may be an important factor in the study of Mexican Americans' preferences for their counselor's ethnic background.
0000552795	Sugar and amino acid transport across symbiotic membranes from soybean nodules	Uptake of a range of sugars and amino acids into isolated peribacteroid units (PBUs) and bacteroids was measured and compared to malate and succinate uptake. Evidence was obtained for the presence of two transport systems on the bacteroid membrane for the transport of D-fructose that can catalyze rapid fructose uptake over a wide concentration range into free bacteroids. Fructose uptake by intact PBUs was slow and showed no evidence of saturation up to 10 mM. Uptake of sucrose, glucose, phenylalanine, methionine, leucine, glycine, and proline into both PBUs and bacteroids was also very slow (less than one tenth of the rate of succinate uptake). Neither sugar nor proline uptake by PBUs showed a tendency toward saturation over a wide concentration range. The peribacteroid membrane apparently lacks carriers for these compounds. Despite slow uptake rates, substantial labeling of bacteroid proteins occurred during a 60-min incubation of intact PBUs with [35S]methionine. Apart from one faint band on the peribacteroid membrane, there was no evidence for secretion of labeled polypeptides from bacteroids. Sugar and amino acid transport was similar in small PBUs from developing nodules; these units also displayed carrier-mediated malate uptake, which occurred at a faster rate per unit protein than that into large units from mature nodules. The polypeptide pattern of the peribacteroid membrane isolated from 4-wk-old nodules was substantially different from that of 8-wk-old nodules, despite their similar permeability to metabolites. © 1990 The American Phytopathological Society.
0000559663	Impact of Child Sexual Abuse on Developing Sexuality	This article reviews theoretical and empirical literature on sexual abuse and focuses on the effects of child sexual abuse on developing sexuality. The issues addressed include (a) prominent family qualities associated with sexual socialization, (b) theoretical formulations that account for the effects of sexual abuse on developing sexuality, and (c) research findings on the impact of child sexual abuse on the sexuality development of child victims and adult survivors. Directions for future research and implications for practitioners are also discussed.
0000602492	Factor Analysis of the Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale-Revised for Persons 75 Years and Older	We factor analyzed the WAIS-R protocols of 130 normal elderly. For age and education, Ms = 81.24 years (SD = 5.24) and 9.54 years (SD = 2.50). Results indicated that the WAIS-R may be interpreted as a 1-, a 2-, or a 3-factor battery. In the 1-factor solution, interpretative emphasis was placed on the Full Scale IQ as a measure of g. In the 2-factor solution, a Verbal Comprehension factor consisted of Information, Digit Span, Vocabulary, Comprehension, and Similarities. A Perceptual Organization factor comprised Block Design, Object Assembly, and Digit Symbol. In the 3-factor solution, the subtest alignments for the Verbal Comprehension and Perceptual Organization factors remained highly similar, whereas Arithmetic constituted a Freedom From Distractibility factor. Overall, 1- or 2-factor models seem to offer the most plausible and parsimonious structures for this sample. 7 subtests had high or intermediate levels of specific variance.
0000607078	Bibliometric analysis of aids literature	In accordance with high incidence of AIDS cases, there is an epidemic growth of its literature. This unprecedented growth of literature calls for serious scientometric study. Such a study will not only help the scientometrists, information scientists, but also will be very useful to the related research workers. With this in view an attempt has been made to analyse AIDS literature published during the period 1976-1986 to identify its international channel of communication, medium of communication, contributing countries, authorship trends etc. This study is based on data printed in a source document entitled Collected Papers on AIDS Research, 1976-1986 published by BIOSIS which is a retrospective bibliography incorporating valuable references to research on AIDS from 9,000 source titles monitored in BIOSIS data base. The findings of this study have also been compared to those of Wyatt and Self, Filardo and Lancaster.
0000608010	Defining the Boundaries of Professional Competence: Managing Subtle Cases of Clinical Incompetence	Flagrant cases of professional incompetence are often identified and corrected through formal remediation procedures. However, many subtle cases exist that can go undetected and uncorrected. This article describes a 5-component schema for categorizing the elements of competence necessary to provide quality psychological services: factual knowledge, generic clinical skills, orientation-specific technical skills, clinical judgment, and interpersonal attributes. Case examples are used to illustrate the types of problems that are likely to occur in these different areas. Peer education and supportive confrontation are suggested as appropriate means of addressing subtle cases of incompetence. Also, suggestions are made for systems changes (graduate training, licensure requirements, and continuing education) designed to promote competence among clinicians.
0000616842	Moderators of the Congruence and Realism of Major and Occupational Plans in College Students: A Replication and Extension	Utility of gender, traditionality of choice, and gender role identification as moderators of the interest-field congruence and ability-level realism of major and occupational preferences in college students were examined. Measures of vocational interests, academic abilities, and gender role orientation, as well as a statement of college major choice and occupational plans, were obtained in a sample of 592 undergraduates. Results indicated that, contrary to Wolfe and Betz's (1981) study, traditionality of choice and gender role were unrelated to interest-field congruence. However, among both men and women, those having masculine-typed and androgynous personality characteristics were most likely to be using their abilities in their choices, whereas feminine-typed persons and those who preferred female-dominated occupations were least likely to be doing so.
0000620444	A parallel shortest augmenting path algorithm for the assignment problem	A parallel version of the shortest augmenting path algorithm for the assignment problem is described. Although generating the initial dual solution and partial assignment in parallel does not require substantive changes in the sequential algorithm, using several augmenting paths in parallel does require a new dual variable recalculation method. The parallel algorithm was tested on a 14-bit processor Butterfly Plus computer, on problems with up to 900 million variables. The speedup obtained increases with problem size. The algorithm was also embedded into a parallel branch and bound procedure for the traveling salesman problem on a directed graph, which was tested on the Butterfly Plus on problems involving up to 30,000 cities. © 1991 ACM 0004-5411/91/1000-0985 $01.50.
0000622022	Study of penetrating cosmic ray muons and search for large scale anisotropies at the Gran Sasso Laboratory	The MACRO detector, located m the underground Gran Sasso Laboratory, had its initial data run from February 27 to May 30, 1989, using the first supermodule (SΩ ∼ 800 m2 sr) Approximately 245 000 muon events were recorded. Here are reported the results of the analysis of penetrating muons which determine the measured vertical muon flux at depths greater than 3000 m.w e In addition the data have been used to search for large scale anisotropies.
0000645660	Channels to a larger social world: Older women staying in contact with the great society	This study describes the information world of an aging population. Respondents are 55 women (average age = 82) who live alone in a retirement community in a major southeastern city. Ethnographic research was conducted to determine their information and recreational needs, and to explore sources of information they routinely use in response to those needs. Findings indicate that this population can be characterized as serious users of the mass media. In other words, content was selected for its educational value. Although they were users both of electronic and print media, they watched "quality programs" and listened to "good music," but preferred the print media, that is, books and magazines. However, the findings did not reveal that the respondents were users of the public library. Reasons given included: having an inhouse library, choosing to purchase reading materials, and a perception that the library had items of little interest to them.
0000649708	Religious Devoutness in College Students: Relations With Emotional Adjustment and Psychological Separation From Parents	The relation between religious orientation and mental health was investigated. Measures of religious orientation and devoutness, depression, shame and guilt, existential well-being, and psychological separation from parents were administered to 268 undergraduate students. Four groups were formed. Results indicated that religiously devout intrinsic and proreligious Ss did not differ from less devout extrinsic and nontraditionally religious students in depression, shame, and existential well-being. Intrinsic and proreligious Ss scored higher on guilt proneness and religious well-being and lower on functional, attitudinal, and emotional separation from parents than did nontraditionally religious Ss. Ellis's (1980) religiosity-emotional-disturbance hypothesis was not supported. Some insight into how religion may have both benefits and costs for college students' personality functioning is provided. Implications for counseling are discussed.
0000649799	Topic knowledge and online catalog search formulation	This research investigated the ways in which different levels of knowledge about a topic can affect searching for information on that topic in a library online catalog. It was found that people with high levels of knowledge use more search expressions, including more general and nonproductive expressions, than low-knowledge users. It was also found that high-knowledge users employed more search expressions that had not been contained in their statements of information need than low-knowledge users. These differences in vocabulary use and search expression formulation may be of interest to designers of online catalogs as they attempt to increase the responsiveness of catalog systems to the needs of individual users. © 1991 by The University of Chicago. All rights reserved.
0000651462	Development and Validation of the Scientist-Practitioner Inventory for Psychology	This article reports 3 studies constituting the development and validation of the Scientist-Practitioner Inventory (SPI), an instrument designed to measure career specialty interests of psychology students. In the 1st study, evidence for the factorial validity of the scales, test-retest reliability, freedom from response-set biases, and construct validity are presented. The 2nd study presents cross-validation evidence of a 2nd-order factor structure, internal consistency estimates, and construct validity that is similar to that found in the first study. Also presented is evidence for the superior criterion-related concurrent validity of the SPI in comparison with Holland's (1985) Vocational Preference Inventory in predicting a selected criterion. The 3rd study presents further cross-validating evidence and indications of the SPI's ability to reflect different patterns of interests depending on the nature of the sample. Implications for use of the instruments in career counseling, psychology of science, and organizational research are discussed.
0000653524	Drawing on Clinical Practice to Inform Research on Child and Adolescent Psychotherapy: Survey of Practitioners	This study was designed to draw on clinical practice as a way of identifying priority areas for child and adolescent psychotherapy research. 1,162 psychologists and psychiatrists described several features of their clinical work and evaluated the effects of alternative treatment approaches, factors that influence therapeutic change, and the priority of alternative types of research. The majority agreed on (a) the importance of several specific child, parent, and therapist factors that contribute to outcome, (b) the utility and effectiveness of alternative treatment approaches, and (c) the high priority of research on therapeutic processes and matching cases to alternative types of treatments. In general, the factors, treatments, and types of studies identified have rarely been examined empirically. The use of practitioner views to identify lines of research may aid not only in reducing the hiatus between research and practice but also in placing clinical work on a stronger empirical footing.
0000655752	Development and Factor Structure of the Cross-Cultural Counseling Inventory-Revised	This article presents the development and preliminary validation of the Cross-Cultural Counseling Inventory (CCCI), a measure based on the American Psychological Association Division 17 Education and Training Committee's tridimensional characteristics of cross-cultural counseling competence-beliefs/attitudes, knowledge, and skills (Sue et al., 1982). Three studies investigated the instrument's content validity, interrater reliability, and factor structure. The first study established substantial agreement among judges when classifying items according to the tridimensional characteristics. In the second study, judges reached adequate levels of interrater reliability after viewing cross-cultural counseling vignettes. The third study found a 3-factor orthogonal solution of cross-cultural counseling skill, sociopolitical awareness, and cultural sensitivity. The authors discuss the utility of the instrument in counseling supervision and research.
0000658254	Factors Mediating the Success of Defiance- and Compliance-Based Interventions	Forty-one clients with sleep onset delay problem were randomly assigned to symptom prescription (SP) or stimulus control (SC) treatments and to one of two levels of therapist contact. Levels of reactance were assessed before treatment; sleep onset delay, quality of rest, and total time asleep were monitored during baseline, treatment, and follow-up. No significant differences were associated with levels of therapist contact. The two treatments were equally effective in reducing sleep onset delay and increasing the amount of sleep; however, the SP group rated the quality of rest as more improved. Significant interactions were found involving two of the dependent variables: Although more- and less-reactant individuals benefit similarly from either treatment, more-reactant clients continue to improve beyond active treatment with the paradoxical intervention, whereas less-reactant clients tend to lose some of the initial gains. The opposite interaction pattern was observed with the SC group.
0000665179	CLassification clustering, probabilistic information retrieval, and the online catalog	Research into online catalog use and users has found some pervasive problems with subject searching in these systems. Subject searches too often fail to retrieve anything, and those that do succeed often retrieve "too much" material. This article examines these problems and how they might be remedied. The theoretical principles for the design of effective information retrieval systems are discussed, and an experimental online catalog system based on these principles is described. The system, CHESHIRE, uses a method called "classification clustering," combined with probabilistic retrieval techniques, to provide natural language searching (which helps to reduce search failure) and to provide effective control of "information overload" in subject searching. © 1991 by The University of Chicago. All rights reserved.
0000669697	American Indian and White College Student Preferences for Counselor Characteristics	In this study, 73 American-Indian (27 male and 46 female) and 81 White (32 male and 49 female) college students were surveyed to determine their preferences for various counselor characteristics when facing academic or personal problems. The methodology used extends that introduced by Atkinson, Furlong, and Poston (1986) in their study of Black preferences. Results indicated that both White and American Indian students most preferred a counselor with similar attitudes and values. Similar ethnicity appeared to be more important to American-Indian than to White students, particularly those with a stronger sense of involvement with American Indian culture. Significant differences were found in both American Indian and White preferences for counselor characteristics according to problem type. Dissimilar characteristics were consistently more preferred for academic problems, whereas the reverse was true for personal problems.
0000675661	Efficacy of a reaction training on various attentional and cognitive functions in stroke patients	The efficacy of a computer-assisted reaction training on various attentional and cognitive functions was studied in stroke patients with lateralised cortical lesions. Patients were tested three times with a comprehensive test battery comprising several attention tests, as well as more general cognitive tasks, with the aim of separating training effects from spontaneous recovery and trivial practice effects. An additional follow-up assessment-carried out 6 weeks after the end of training-was employed to examine the stability of training effects. At baseline the right-hemisphere-damaged patients showed more pronounced impairments of sustained attention and vigilance, whereas the left-brain-damaged patients performed worse in choice reaction tasks, making more false-positive responses. Both groups showed significant training effects for a number of attention functions, but not for vigilance, and there was no generalisation of the training effects to more general cognitive functions. Overall, the training effects were less pronounced for the right-brain-damaged group. © 1991 Lawrence Erlbaum Associates Limited.
0000681023	Crystal chemistry of cyclo-hexaphosphates. XX. Structure of cerium cyclo-hexaphosphate decahydrate	Ce2P6O18.10H2O, Mr = 934·22, orthorhombic, P21212, a = 13·522 (5), b = 13·105 (9), c = 6·938 (3) Å, V= 1230 (2) Å3, Z = 2, Dx = 2·523 Mg m-3, λ(Ag Kα) = 0·5608 Å, μ = 2·125 mm -1, F(000)= 900, room temperature, final R = 0·036 for 3450 independent reflections. The title compound and the previously described Ca 2 (NH4)2- P6O18· 6H2O [Averbuch-Puchot (1990). Acta Cryst. C46, 2005-2007] have some common features, but they are not isostructural. Of the approximately 55 known cyclo-hexaphosphates, these two compounds are unique examples of structures exhibiting a P6O18 ring anion with twofold internal symmetry. The coordination around the Ce atom forms a threecapped trigonal prism. CeO9 polyhedra interconnect P6O18 rings in a three-dimensional way. © 1991 International Union of Crystallography.
0000683822	Theory-Driven Science and Naive Empiricism in Counseling Psychology	Counseling psychologists' aversion to theory-driven science and their enthusiasm for naive empiricism impede scientific progress. For the scientist who endorses theory-driven science, causes are emergent entities that arise from the relations among the elements in events, all events are lawful, and the purpose of research is to test and evolve theories. For the scientist who endorses naive empiricism, the causes of events are the essences of the elements in events, only frequent events are lawful, and the purpose of research is to identify regularities from unbiased observations. The consequences of these differences are described in terms of the impossibility of unbiased observation, the importance of theory to give facts meaning, the role of research methods, and the way in which scientific products are applied. In theory-driven science, an unending cycle of discovery and testing creates and evolves theories of ever increasing scope that can guide counseling practice.
0000695604	The Relation of Treatment Fearfulness and Psychological Service Utilization: An Overview	In an integrative review of the relevant literature, it is proposed that fears and concerns surrounding the seeking and consumption of mental health services can serve as a barrier to obtaining appropriate psychological help. The article gives an overview of potentially fear-evoking aspects of help seeking and consumption, reviews empirical literature that links treatment fears to service-seeking behavior, and provides an examination of person, population, and clinic variables that relate to specific aspects of various treatment fears. Approaches aimed at circumventing or reducing treatment fears in both the community and clinic are suggested.
0000696469	Structure of dibutanidobis(2,4,6-trimethylbenzoato)tin	[Sn(C4H9)2(C10H 11O2)2], Mr = 559·3, monoclinic, P21/n, a = 12·07 (2), b = 9·976(10), c = 22·76 (4) Å, β = 91·60 (10)°, V = 2739·5 Å3, Z = 4, Dx = 1·356 g cm-3, Mo Kα, λ = 0·71069Å, μ= 9·63 cm -1, F(000) = 1160, T ≃ 203 K, R = 0·0699 for 2286 unique observed reflections. The title compound is monomeric with distorted octahedral coordination about the Sn atom. The four O atoms of the carboxylate groups and the central Sn atom are coplanar, with a maximum deviation out of the Table presented Figure presented SnO4 plane of 0·007 Å. The carboxylate ligands are anisobidentate with short Sn-O bond lengths of 2·116(9) and 2·088(9)Å and long Sn-O bond lengths of 2·451 (6) and 2·651 (14)Å. The butyl groups are approximately trans, with a Bu-Sn-Bu angle of 145·4 (5)°. © 1991 International Union of Crystallography.
0000697278	The focus group interview: A method for assessing users' evaluation of library service	This is the age of customer service, and those involved with the provision of customer service are finding the focus group interview to be an efficient technique for assessing quality of service. This paper explains the rationale and method of the focus group interview and demonstrates how focus group interviews were used to gauge student-user opinions of service quality in Purdue University's library system. The relationship of this qualitative research technique to quantitative techniques is discussed.
0000716655	Synthesis and properties of sodium and europium(III) cryptates incorporating the 2,2′-bipyridine 1,1′-dioxide and 3,3′-biisoquinoline 2,2′-dioxide units	The sodium and europium cryptates of the new macrobicyclic ligands 2 and 3 incorporating the 2,2′-bipyridine 1,1′-dioxide and 3,3′-biisoquinoline 2,2′-dioxide units, respectively, have been prepared. The EuIII complexes present characteristic1H-NMR spectra, showing large shifts, and are strongly luminescent in aqueous solution. These markedly improved luminescent properties, compared to the europium cryptate of the parent macrobicyclic ligand 1, may be ascribed at least in part to a better shielding of the bound cation by the N-oxide sites.
0000719012	Arabidopsis thaliana as a new model host for plant-parasitic nematodes	We have established culture conditions for successful infection and development of several economically important cyst-forming and root-knot nematodes on Arabidopsis thaliana under monoxenic conditions. Complete life cycles were obtained with the sedentary cyst nematodes Heterodera schachtii, H. trifolii, H. cajani and the root-knot nematodes Meloidogyne incognita and M. arenaria as well as with the migratory nematode Pratylenchus penetrans. In contrast, H. goettingiana and Globodera rostochiensis were unable to develop on Arabidopsis roots. Tissue-culture quality agar and medium conditions optimized for hydroponic root culture were essential for successful infections. Detailed in-vivo observations were made inside Arabidopsis roots during the early infection stages of M. incognita and during complete development of H. schachtii. Seventy-four different ecotypes of Arabidopsis were screened for their susceptibility towards H. schachtii resulting in a range of infection rates. None of the ecotypes tested showed complete resistance in vitro. The use of Arabidopsis as a host for plant-parasitic nematodes will provide a new model system for the molecular genetic analysis of this interaction.
0000720806	Peer review at the deutsche forschungsgemeinschaft	Results of a study designed to investigate the peer review system at the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft are presented. 242 applications for grants and 639 corresponding reviews were analysed to explore criteria actually used by peers in assessing the quality of proposals. The findings show a wide range of criteria used, an uneven distribution of positive and negative evaluation along these criteria, high inter-referee agreement and different degrees of impact of the evaluations on the overall recommendation.
0000725249	Etiology Beliefs, Preferences for Counseling Orientations, and Counseling Effectiveness	Clients of a university counseling service were asked to (a) rank their beliefs about the causes of psychological problems, (b) rank their preferences for a counseling orientation, (c) rate their counselor's credibility, and (d) rate their satisfaction with counseling. Actual etiology-belief similarity between the counselor and the client was not found to be related to ratings of the counselor or to satisfaction with counseling. However, client's ratings of perceived etiology-belief similarity were found to be predictive of ratings of counselor credibility and satisfaction with counseling. Counselors were almost unanimous in their preference for a feeling orientation to counseling, whereas the majority of male clients preferred either a thinking or acting orientation. More clients held the same primary etiology belief as their counselor after counseling than before counseling.
0000729485	Job responsibilities and job satisfaction at the University of California libraries	The authors compare the roles and responsibilities of academic librarians and support staff at the nine-campus library system of the University of California. By surveying the frequency with which certain tasks were performed, areas of overlap between professionals and paraprofessionals were identified. Discrepancies in satisfaction with specific job attributes are examined. A wide gap in satisfaction levels between the two groups was found, particularly in the areas of promotion, job development, and influence. While calling for equity in compensation for library assistants, the paper identifies the responsibilities of professional librarians in setting realistic expectations for library staff.
0000730678	The impact of the environment on the management of information systems	The dynamic environment of an organization makes management difficult. This is especially true in information systems (IS) departments. A new theoretical model, based on structured interviews with IS executives, proposes ways that some dimensions of the environment create problems for IS management. IS managers develop coping mechanisms to attenuate or prevent these problems. They use these coping mechanisms either to resolve the problems directly or to influence the environment to prevent the problems. The new theoretical model facilitates an organized study of the relationship between the IS department and its dynamic environment. Copyright © 1990, The Institute of Management Sciences.
0000733102	Coping Among Nonclinical College-Age Children of Alcoholics	Much of what is currently known about adult children of alcoholics (ACAs) is based either on clinical observation or on research with clinical populations. This study extends prior research by (a) comparing 40 nonclinical college-age ACAs to 40 nonclinical college-age non-ACAs on problem-solving appraisal, perceived social support, shame, suicidal ideation, and substance use; (b) examining gender differences among ACAs on these 5 variables; and (c) exploring relations between problem-solving appraisal, perceived social support, and shame in predicting suicidal ideation and substance use. ACA participants were found to be similar to their non-ACA peers on all measures, and no gender differences among ACAs were found.
0000740084	Pitfalls in assessing research performance by grant income	The strategy of judging the quality of scientific research by the level of funding it attracts is critically examined. It is argued that an index such as per capita research income, which is based on grant-giver peer review, yields an unsatisfactory measure of scientific performance. It fails to fulfil a basic requirement of a performance indicator, namely, that it should relate outputs to inputs. It has intrinsically low validity, and is strongly confounded with a variety of extraneous factors that are unrelated to research performance.
0000747077	Institutional Effects on the Psychosocial Development of African-American College Students	This study examined the widely reported contention that the social and intellectual development of African-American college students is nurtured better by traditionally Black collegiate institutions (TBIs) than by predominantly White collegiate institutions (PWIs). It was hypothesized that if the reported environmental effects exist, then students at TBIs ought to be more developmentally advanced than their counterparts at PWIs. Three areas of psychosocial development were examined for 250 African-American students attending the two types of institutions in the same northeastern state. The Racial Identity Attitude Scale, the Student Development Task and Lifestyle Inventory, and the Career Decision Scale were used. The results did not provide clear support for the superiority of the TBIs in facilitating the development of African-American college students. Results and implications for counseling and future research are discussed.
0000757054	Psychology Interns as Patient Suicide Survivors: Incidence, Impact, and Recovery	The authors investigated incidence, impact, and methods of coping with patient suicide during the training years of Psychology graduate students. All 54 interns in clinical psychology at the Boston VA in 1983-1988 were surveyed. 1 in 6 Ss had experienced a patient's suicide at some time during their training. The group who experienced a patient's suicide and a group who experienced a patient's suicide attempt both reported high levels of stress on the Impact of Event Scale. Trainees with patient suicides reported stress levels equivalent to that found in patient samples with bereavement and higher than that found with professional clinicians who had patient suicides. Trainees most frequently turned to supervisors for both support and formulation of the suicide. Preparatory efforts at suicide education were found to be minimal and inadequate. Recommendations for assisting the trainee who experiences a patient's suicide are discussed.
0000758850	Young Children's Understanding of Changes in Their Mental States	GOPNIKA, L ISONa,n d SLAUGHTERV, I RGINIAY. oung Children's Understandingo f Changes in Their Mental States. CHILDD EVELOPME1N9T91,, 62, 98-110. 3-year-oldc hildren have difficultyr eporting their past false beliefs. We investigated their ability to remember and report other types of past mental state, in particular, pretenses, images, perceptions, desires, and intentions. In a series of tasks, children were placed in one mental state, that state was changed, and they were asked to report the initial state. 4-year-olds were generally able to report all their past mental states, including beliefs. 3-year-olds were able to report past pretenses, images, and perceptions extremely well. They had great difficulty reporting past beliefs. Reporting past desires and intentions was more difficult than reporting pretenses, images, and perceptions, but slightly less difficult than reporting beliefs. The evidence suggests that 3-year-olds have difficulty understanding the nature of representation. © 1991 by the Society for Research in Child Development, Inc.
0000768636	Culture-Specific Strategies in Counseling: A Conceptual Framework	The author addresses the need to develop culture-specific strategies in working with racial-ethnic minorities. Conceptual frameworks providing a rationale for such recommendations have not been well elucidated. A review of the literature revealed 3 major domains from which such justifications can be drawn: (a) culture-bound communications styles, (b) sociopolitical facets of nonverbal communication, and (c) counseling as a subset of communication style or temporary cultures. Implications for counselor practice, training, and research are discussed.
0000768946	Apical development of spring barley in relation to chlormequat and ethephon	There is considerable interest in the use of plant growth regulators (PGR) to control lodging in spring barley (Hordeum vulgare L.), and to increase the number of spike-bearing tillers through early appli cation. Application of PGR is likely to have effects on the development of reproductive structures in both main-stem and tiller apices. The objective of this study was to investigate the timing and dynamics of barley main-stem apical development as influenced by chlormequat chloride (2-chloroethyl trimethylammonium chloride; CCC) or ethephon (2-chloroethyl phosphonic acid) treatment. A 3- yr field study using widely grown cultivars, 'Leger' and 'Cadette', was conducted on Bearbrook clay soil (fine, mixed nonacid, mesic Humaquept) at Emile A. Lods Agronomy Research Centre, McGill University, Canada. from 1987 to 1989. Treatments consisted of application with CCC and ethephon at Zadoks growth stages (ZGS) 13, 30, and 39. Data were collected on growth regulator induced plant changes in (i) external morphological characters, (ii) apical development, and (iii) spikelet primordium abortions. Application of CCC at ZGS 13 retarded development of the main-stem apex from shortly after application to awn elongation and reduced the number of aborted spikelet primordia. Unlike CCC, the retarding effect of ethephon on main-stem apical development was not shown until a few days after its application (when the maximum number of main-stem primorida was reached), which may have promoted tiller survival. In general, the application of PGR reduced the apical dominance of dominant sinks (main-stem apex and/or central spike lets of the rachis) allowing the survival and greater development of more subordinate sinks (tillers and/or distal rachis spikelets).
0000787616	Analysis of the Cognitions Stimulated by the Items on the Expectations About Counseling-Brief Form: An Analysis of Construct Validity	The purpose of this investigation was to examine three aspects of the construct validity of the Expectations About Counseling-Brief form (EAC-B): whether it measures expectations about counseling rather than other related constructs, whether the test items are clearly understood, and whether the test maintains respondents' attention. This was accomplished by analyzing the cognitions of 16 male and 14 female undergraduates to determine which thought processes were being elicited by the EAC-B. Each item elicited statements about expectations from 70% of the respondents, whereas statements about related constructs essentially occurred at a chance level. These results support the conclusion that each item on the EAC-B possesses at least minimal validity.
0000791202	Psychological Maladjustment Among Asian and White American College Students: Controlling for Confounds	Differences in psychological maladjustment among foreign-born Asian-, U.S.-born Asian- and White-American college students were examined, after controlling for variables that have been confounded with ethnicity (i.e., demographics, response set, and personality style) in previous studies. Psychological maladjustment was measured in terms of both intrapersonal and interpersonal distress. Results indicated that foreign-born Asian-American students differed from White-American students on levels of social desirability, other-directedness, and extraversion. However, even after controlling for differences on these variables, greater levels of intrapersonal and interpersonal distress were found for foreign-born Asian-American students. The findings suggest (a) that for Asian-Americans there are ethnic differences in psychological maladjustment that covary with generation level, and (b) that these differences cannot be solely attributed to cultural variations in response or personality styles. Implications for counseling with Asian-American students are discussed.
0000793320	The use of a rating scale of attentional behaviour	In recent years there has been increasing awareness of the limitations of conventional neuropsychological assessment in terms of predicting functional performance in everyday life. In response to the growing recognition of the need for ecological validity in rehabilitation settings, clinicians have begun to develop methods (e.g. rating scales and behaviour checklists) of assessing the impact of neuropsychological impairments on the everyday behaviour of the patient. However, there have been few attempts to investigate the validity or reliability of such scales. The aims of the present study were: (i) to design a rating scale of attentional behaviour, to be completed by therapists treating traumatically head-injured patients who were receiving a remedial intervention -or their attentional deficits; (ii) to examine the scale's correlation with neuropsychological measures of attention; (iii) to assess its internal structure and intra-rater reliability; and (iv) to examine the use of the scale by raters in different contexts and by individual raters over time. The scale developed showed some validity as a measure of attentional behaviour. It was quick and simple to administer. It showed modest, but statistically significant correlations with neuropsychological measures of attention, a high level of internal consistency, and excellent intra-rater reliability. The correlations between scores made by different raters in different contexts were much lower. Possible reasons for this finding are discussed, including the influence of context and the frame of reference of the rater. The importance of exploring and attempting to address potential sources of dissonance, both within and between raters, is emphasised. © 1991 Lawrence Erlbaum Associates Limited.
0000798268	Clients' Representations of Childhood Emotional Bonds With Parents, Social Support, and Formation of the Working Alliance	Survey data were collected from 102 client-counselor dyads at 3 counseling centers with regard to (a) client and counselor 3rd-session working alliance ratings, (b) quality of clients' current social relationships, as evidenced by social-support satisfaction, and (c) clients' representations of care and overprotection in their memories of childhood emotional bonds with their mothers and fathers. Care pertains to memories of parents' emotional responsiveness, warmth, and attention to clients' need. Overprotection pertains to memories of parents' intrusive control and resistance at attempts to gain independence. Results indicated that social support was a significant predictor of client-rated working alliance, whereas clients' bonds with fathers were a significant predictor of counselor-rated working alliance. A trend toward interactions between social support and parental bonds in predicting counselor-rated alliance was also suggested.
0000802501	A taxonomy of bibliographic relationships	A bibliographic relationship is an association between two or more bibliographic items or works. In an effort to provide the theoretical base for a conceptual model of the library catalog, past and future, the bibliographic relationship is examined here in detail. In this first of a series of reports, a taxonomy of bibliographic relationships is derived from an analysis of cataloging rules and types of bibliographic items.
0000816836	Dispositional Attributions and Defensive Behavior in High- and Low-Conflict Delinquent Families	The study examined attributions and defensive communication behaviors in high- or low-level conflict families of a delinquent adolescent. Family members' attributions and communication behaviors were examined in two contrasting priming conditions in which families focused on either dissatisfying or satisfying family events. The results replicated past parent-child attribution studies in that family members from low-conflict families made fewer dispositional (blaming) attributions about other family members' dissatisfying versus satisfying behaviors, whereas family members from high-conflict families made equivalent amounts of dispositional attributions about others' dissatisfying versus satisfying behaviors. As expected, family members from high-conflict families behaved significantly more defensively than did those from low-conflict families. Attributions and subsequent defensive behaviors did not covary.
0000818632	Core journal networks and cocitation maps: New bibliometric tools for serials research and management	Two different techniques of potential interest to bibliometricians and serials collection specialists are used to identify and study core journal literatures. The genetics literature is used as an example of their application. Intercitation data from the Journal Citation Reports for Science Citation Index are analyzed using spreadsheet software to identify a core network of thirty-three genetics journals linked by substantial intercitations. Cocitation data for these thirty-three journals are gathered online from SCISEARCH. Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSSX) programs are used to cluster journals based on cocitation pattern similarity and to create a two-dimensional map that graphically illustrates the subject structure of genetics. Genetics lacks a single unified core literature; it consists of a number of loosely linked research specialties, each with its own "core" journal set. Core network analysis and cocited journal mapping are useful in identifying a subject-focused core literature, measuring relative journal prominence, gaining a broader view of information generation and use by a library's clienteles, and establishing long-term collection development plans. © 1991 by The University of Chicago. All rights reserved.
0000819045	Spectroscopic evidence for five-coordinated Ni in CaNiSi2O 6 glass	NiK-edge EXAFS and XANES and optical absorption spectroscopy experiments have been performed on a CaNiSi2O6 glass. The data are consistent with the presence of [5]Ni in a trigonal bipyramidal symmetry site, a previously unknown surrounding. Minor amounts of [4]Ni are also present. This environment explains why the Ni-O distances derived from EXAFS in the glass are shorter than in the crystalline equivalent and provides a rationale for the high olivine/liquid partition coefficients of Ni that govern its preferential location in mafic and ultramafic rocks.
0000823818	Sexual maturation and reproductive cycle of Eledone massyae, Voss 1964 (Cephalopoda: Octopodidae) in Southern Brazil	Eledone massyae is a small benthic octopus found along Argentina and Southern Brazil. Maturation and reproductive cycle were studied based on 226 females and 111 males that were caught at different times of the year with trawl nets on the shelf and upper slope off Rio Grande do Sul, between 30° and 34°S. Females started to mature in the spring and attained advanced stages in the summer at a wide range of sizes. Neither fully mature nor spent females were found. Spawning is likely to take place during late summer on rough bottoms, at some distance from the trawling areas. Spermatangia were found within the ovary of maturing females mainly in spring. Fecundity ranged from 27 to 126, with a mean of 79, and was not influenced by female body size. Male maturation started in autumn at smaller body sizes than in females. Spermatophores were found in the spermatophoric sac from the end of autumn onwards, and the most advanced gonadal stages occurred in January. Mating seems to occur principally in spring.
0000825590	The Congregation Development Program: Data-Based Consultation With Churches and Synagogues	The potential for successful consultation between psychological and religious communities is illustrated through one forum, the Congregation Development Program (CDP). A data-based consultation program, the CDP is designed to help churches and synagogues define their strengths and weaknesses and plan for their futures. Congregation life is assessed through participant observation, interviews with clergy and leaders, and a battery of survey instruments designed specifically for congregations. This information is interpreted in collaboration with clergy and leaders in a consultative feedback meeting. The authors describe the phases of the consultation process, from entry and assessment to intervention and evaluation/termination. Illustrations are drawn from work with over 50 diverse congregations. The CDP points to churches and synagogues as sites of challenging opportunity for professional psychology.
0000830005	Holism Revisited: Evidence for Parallel Independent Word-Level and Letter-Level Processors During Word Recognition	This study tested the predictions of the parallel input serial analysis (PISA) model (Allen & Madden, 1990), the interactive activation model (McClelland & Rumelhart, 1981), and the activation-verification model (Paap, Newsome, McDonald, & Schvaneveldt, 1982) by using lexical-decision (Experiment 1) and letter-identification (Experiments 1-4) tasks. For the lexical-decision task, reaction time decreased monotonically as word frequency increased. However, letter identification took longer for medium-high-frequency words than for very-high-frequency, low-frequency, and very-low-frequency words (i.e., a partial word frequency disadvantage). For letter identification, there was a word inferiority effect for medium-high-frequency words (Experiments 2-4). These word frequency disadvantages and word inferiority effects support the PISA model but not the interactive activation model or the activation-verification model. © 1991 American Psychological Association.
0000832119	Critical Incidents in Clinical Supervision and in Supervisor Supervision: Assessing Supervisory Issues	In this naturalistic study, Loganbill, Hardy, and Delworth's (1982) and Sansbury's (1982) propositions regarding supervision issues were applied to the supervision of supervisors in training and to counselor supervision and then tested. The doctoral-student participants consisted of beginning counselors and their supervisor trainees. Critical incidents, which were obtained after each counselor-supervision session and each supervisor-supervision session, were rated on 10 supervisory issues. Results offered limited support for Sansbury's hierarchy of supervisory issues in both supervision contexts. Although significant differences were observed between counselors and supervisors and between counselor supervision and supervisor supervision, the pattern of supervisory issues was overall more similar than dissimilar.
0000833224	Molecular cloning of an aepA gene that activates production of extracellular pectolytic, cellulolytic, and proteolytic enzymes in Erwinia carotovora subsp. carotovora	Strain 71 of Erwinia carotovora subsp. carotovora produces extracellular enzymes such as pectate lyase (Pel), polygalacturonase (Pen), cellulase (Cel), and protease (Prt). The levels of extracellular Pel, Cel, and Prt were higher in a medium containing crude celery extract than in a medium containing pectate. Using transposons (Tn5, TnphoA, and Tn10-lacZ), we isolated pleio-tropic mutants that were deficient in extracellular levels of these enzymes and attenuated in their ability to macerate plant tissues. The mutants, however, were similar to the parent in their ability to utilize various sugars and to produce periplasmic enzymes. In anE. c. subsp. carotovora 71 gene library, we detected a cosmid, pAKC264, that restored extracellular enzyme production and tissue maceration in all the mutants. The cosmid appears not to carry pel, peh, cel, or prt genes. In E. c, subsp. carotovora 71, pAKC264 stimulated the production of Pel, Peh, Cel, and Prt, but it did not affect the levels of the periplasmic enzymes, cyclic phosphodiesterase, or β-lactamase. pAKC602, a subclone of pAKC264, stimulated enzyme production in E. c. subsp. carotovora 71 and did not complement mutations in cya, the gene specifying adenylate cyclase, or crp, the gene specifying cyclic AMP receptor protein, in Escherichia coli. The E. c. subsp. carotovora 71 gene that activates extracellular protein production was designated as aepA. Sixteen mini-Mu-lacZ (MudI1734) insertions inactivating aepA spanned a DNA region of about 0.8 kilobases and allowed determination of the direction of aepA transcription by screening for β-galactosidase production. By further subcloning and localizing the sites of mini-Mu-lacZ insertions not inactivating aepA, the gene was localized within a 1.1-kilobase DNA segment. © 1991 The American Phytopathological Society.
0000843832	Abstraction in query processing	In this paper, possible simplifications in query processing are investigated if, consciously, it is agreed to use query languages of limited power (i.e., weaker and proper sublanguages of first-order language). In such a situation, it is frequently possible to transform data in the database into some other form that is not necessarily logically equivalent to the original data but that preserves all the answers for the queries from our query sublanguage. This transformation is beneficial if it leads to a database that is easier to deal with. Such a technique is called an abstraction. It is demonstrated that a well-known chase transformation is an abstraction that preserves information modulo positive queries (i.e., queries without negation) when applied to the tables with null values (V-tables). On the other hand, it is shown that no similar abstraction can be constructed for restricted tables in which marked null values vary only through some finite subsets of domain. It is also shown a number of other types of abstractions and their applications. © 1991 ACM.
0000848472	Significant Predictors of Problem-Solving Appraisal	Multiple regression was used to determine the unique predictive contributions of several variables to problem-solving appraisal in 2 samples comprising 443 Ss, total. Problem-solving appraisal was the dependent variable, and the following variables were possible predictors: level of problem solving skill; negative and positive coping strategies; internal-external locus of control; and a composite sum score of depression, trait anxiety, and self-concept. The combined multiple regression (SPSSX) results accounted for 50% and 41% of the variance for Samples 1 and 2, respectively, in problem-solving appraisal. The results revealed 2 consistent significant predictors: (a) positive coping strategies that seem to represent the process of doing something positively to solve problems through cognitive restructuring, focusing on the problem, and effecting interpersonal actions; and (b) global problem-solving self-efficacy.
0000856991	Family Research on Childhood Chronic Illness: Pediatric Oncology as an Example	Learning that a child has a life-threatening illness and adjusting to the demands of treatment are among the most distressing experiences that a family can face. Although family therapists and psychologists often treat families with seriously ill children, there has been little rigorous family research in this area. In this article a systems/social ecological framework organizes research questions pertinent to childhood cancer, including the ill child, siblings, parents, families, social support networks, education and health care systems, and policy and societal attitudes. The article concludes with recommendations for research and discusses the importance of considering normalcy, family development, and methodology in research on ill children and their families.
0000857416	Order Out of Chaos: A Structural Analysis of Group Therapy	The structure of social interaction within four therapy groups was analyzed in terms of the conditional responding of the participants. Structure was measured in terms of the randomness and the patterning of the group members' interactions. It was proposed that groups' interactions would show increasing structure and decreasing randomness across sessions, reflecting a transition from "forming" and "storming" to "norming" and "performing." Within and across groups, no consistent pattern of therapy group development was found. Each group remained fairly unstructured across its group sessions. Group leader and group member dominance within the groups suggested that (a) the frequency with which group members spoke was inversely related to their actual or achieved dominance in the group and (b) the achieved dominance of the group leaders and the group members was fairly equal across groups and across sessions.
0000858402	An Investigation of Coping Styles and Gender Differences With Farmers in Career Transition	This study examined the role of career-related variables (vocational identity, career barriers) and coping variables (problem-solving appraisal and coping style) in predicting (a) depressive symptomatology and (b) perceived stress, control, and progress in the career transition of a farm population in crisis. The sample for this study consisted of 44 male and 35 female farmers with respective mean ages of 39.2 and 41.6 years. Results indicated that significant differences exist in the way farm men and women react to the stressors of the farm crisis. Both male and female farmers expressed considerable stress about their current situation, criterion variables for men were correlated with confidence in problem-solving ability and emotion-focused coping, whereas the women's stress and depressive symptoms were most strongly correlated with a lack of vocational identity and a perception of barriers to career change.
0000860669	Floyd-hoare logic in iteration theories	What is special about the rules of Hoare logic? This paper shows that partial correctness logic can be viewed as a special case of the equational logic of iteration theories [6, 7, 24]. It is shown how to formulate a partial correctness assertion {α}/{β} as an equation between iteration theory terms. The guards (α,β) that appear in partial correctness assertions are equationally axiomatized, and a new representation theorem for Boolean algebras is derived. The familiar rules for the structured program-ming constructs of composition, if-then-else and while-do are shown valid in all guarded iteration theories. A new system of partial correctness logic is described that applies to all flowchart programs. The invariant guard condition, weaker than the well-known condition of expressiveness, is found to be both necessary and sufficient for the completeness of these rules. The Cook completeness theorem [19] follows as an easy corollary. The role played by weakest liberal preconditions in conn ection with completeness is examined. © 1991 ACM 0004-5411/91/1000-0887 $01.50.
0000862377	Predictors of Utilization Intent of Counseling Among Chinese and White Students: A Test of the Proximal-Distal Model	Chinese (N = 152) and White (N = 160) students reviewed a counseling interview transcript and provided perceptions on counselor credibility, counselor behaviors, and utilization intent. Utilization intent was defined as perceived willingness to use counseling after an initial hypothetical interview. In the proximal-distal model S. Sue and Zane (1987) proposed that achieving counselor credibility is more directly related to utilization intent than to culture-specific techniques, such as directiveness, when counselors are working with ethnic minority clients. For both ethnic samples, counselor credibility was the strongest predictor of utilization intent, and empathic involvement was the sole predictor of counselor credibility. Whereas the proximal-distal model was supported by the results obtained with the Chinese sample, a variant of this model best described the results for the White sample for which empathic involvement, as well as counselor credibility, was found to be directly related to utilization intent.
0000877607	A study of multi-jet events at the CERN p̄p collider and a search for double parton scattering	A study of events containing at least four high transverse momentum jets and a search for double parton scattering (DPS) have been performed using data collected with the UA2 detector at the CERN p̄p Collider (√s=630 GeV). The results are in good agreement with leading order QCD calculations. A value of σDPS<0.82 nb at 95% confidence level (CL) is obtained for the DPS cross section.
0000908325	Current and Emergent Applications of Neuropsychological Assessment: Problems of Validity and Utility	The author argues that the knowledge base in support of applying neuropsychological data to the assessment of functional competence and rehabilitation potential is not extensive. Clinical neuropsychology will have to develop new assessment concepts and methods. Reasons for the shift from a neurodiagnostic to a functional emphasis are reviewed. The author proposes a simple framework whereby assessment is referenced to different problems: medical, ecological, and rehabilitative. Within this framework, assessments vary in terms of validity and utility. Empirical examples are given to illustrate weaknesses in traditional assessment approaches. These weaknesses are analyzed in light of recent research and the implications of a problem-referenced strategy for the future development of clinical and professional neuropsychology.
0000920763	Biocorrosion and biodeterioration of antique and medieval glass	Over the past few years we have examined various antique and medieval glasses with regard to general biogenic damage, biopitting (crater erosion), biocrusts, and opalescent and white biogenic films. Experiments were carried out on pieces from Roman glass bottles excavated near Abu Tor, Sinai, some pieces of green and blue glass from Cologne Cathedral, some pieces from a little church in Evreux, glass samples from the fortress of the former Dukedom of Delmenhorst near Oldenburg, and some neolithic flint tools from the Negev Desert, Israel. Modern glass from a pigsty (19th century) additionally has been used for laboratory experiments on the attack of glass surfaces by fungi and bacteria. Some of the bacteria used in these experiments were isolated from the ancient pieces of glass. Biopitting with structures very similar to the biopitting of marble and limestone was found on almost all specimens. Lichens were not identified directly, but fungi and algae were observed in the pits as well as under the thin layers exfoliating from the Roman glass bottles. Initial steps of colonization and the potential for heavy-metal accumulation by the isolated bacteria have been shown in laboratory experiments. A fractal dimension of diffusion-limited disaggregation (DLD) is suggested as one possible explanation for the characteristic form and structure of the microbially induced and shaped biopitting patterns. A biopitting classification is suggested.
0000948476	The Relationship Between Paternal Depressive Mood and Early Adolescent Functioning	The existing literature suggests that maternal depressive mood state is related to child and adolescent functioning. In contrast, paternal depressive mood has been largely ignored. The purpose of this investigation was to examine the association between paternal depressive mood and early adolescent functioning using a nonclinic sample. The unique contribution of paternal depressive mood state beyond that of mothers' mood was also examined. One hundred and fifteen young adolescents, their parents, and their social studies teachers participated. Parents reported their own depressive mood using the Beck Depression Inventory. Teachers reported the adolescents' functioning in the areas of internalizing problems, externalizing problems, and cognitive competence. Results indicated that both paternal and maternal depressive mood states were related to some areas of adolescent functioning. The relationships were qualified both by gender of adolescent and area of functioning examined. Furthermore, paternal depressive mood contributed unique variance to adolescent functioning beyond that contributed by the mother's mood state. The present results provide support for the hypothesis that a father's depressive mood is important for the functioning of adolescent age children.
0000950475	Asian-American Acculturation, Severity of Concerns, and Willingness to See a Counselor	Asian Americans at a major West Coast university were surveyed to determine how severe each of 24 problems was for them and to assess their willingness to see a counselor for each problem. Factor analysis reduced the 24 problems to 8 areas of concern. A repeated measures analysis of variance revealed that severity ratings for the 8 concerns were related to acculturation and ethnicity. With severity ratings as covariates, a repeated measures analysis of covariance was computed for willingness to see a counselor ratings. Willingness to see a counselor was found to be related to both acculturation and gender across all 8 concerns. Women expressed greater willingness to see the counselor than did men and low-medium acculturated students expressed greater willingness to see a counselor than did high-acculturated students.
0000951144	Structure of potassium thiosaccharinate monohydrate	K[C7H4NO2S2].H2O, Mr = 255·36, orthorhombic, Pbca, a = 8·873 (1), b = 27·108 (6), c = 8·708 (1) Å, V = 2094·5 Å3, Z = 8, Dx - 1·62 Mg m-3, λ(Mo Kα) = 0·71069 Å, μ = 0·81 mm -1, F(000)= 1032, room temperature, final R = 0·032 for 1801 observed unique reflections. The structure is built up of K + cations, thiosaccharinate anions and water molecules. The K + ion is six coordinated to two water O atoms, three O atoms from the SO2 groups and one N atom from the thiosaccharinate ion. The K - O distances range from 2·722 (3) to 3·158 (3)Å, while the K - N distance is 2·825 (2) Å. The coordination polyhedron is irregular. © 1991 International Union of Crystallography.
0000953284	A comparison of jet production rates on the Z0 resonance to perturbative QCD	The production rates for 2-, 3-, 4- and 5-jet hadronic final states have been measured with the DELPHI detector at the e+e- storage ring LEP at centre of mass energies around 91.5 GeV. Fully corrected data are compared to O(αs2) QCD matrix element calculations and the QCD scale parameter ΛMS is determined for different parametrizations of the renormalization scale μ2. Including all uncertainties our result is αs(MZ 2)=0.114±0.003[stat.]±0.004[syst.]±0.012[theor.] .
0000956349	Expectations About Counseling in Relation to Acculturation in Mexican-American and Anglo-American Student Samples	A rationale for the role of client expectations in counseling theory and practice with Mexican Americans is set forth. The Expectations About Counseling-Brief form questionnaire and the Acculturation Rating Scale for Mexican Americans were administered to 213 Mexican-American and 137 Anglo-American subjects. Data from questionnaires were augmented through semistructured interviews with each group. Levels of acculturation, gender, and previous experience with counseling were evaluated for their influence on expressed expectations in each ethnic group. Although no significant group effects were noted, expectations did significantly vary with acculturation categories. Implications of these results for counseling theory and practice with Mexican Americans are briefly discussed.
0000958081	Redox viscometry of some Fe-bearing silicate melts	The dependence of shear viscosity on the oxidation state of six ferrosilicate melts has been measured using the concentric cylinder method and a gas mixing furnace. The measurements were performed under air, CO2, and CO2-CO mixtures at 1 atm and in a temperature range of 1345 to 1470 °C. The experimental procedure involved a continuous measurement of viscosity during stepwise reduction of the melts. Melt chemistry was controlled by dip sampling the liquids at each oxidation state. The resulting glasses were analyzed by electron microprobe, a volumetric FeO titration, and 57Fe Mössbauer spectroscopy. The electron microprobe data indicate Fe loss for some of the most reduced samples. The wet chemical (+ microprobe) and spectroscopic determinations of these Ferich samples yield oxidation states that are in excellent agreement. The viscosity of all melts investigated herein decreases with melt reduction. The viscosity decrease is, in general, a nonlinear function of oxidation state expressed as Fe2+/Fe toi.
0000958499	Sexual Contact and Touching Between Therapist and Client: A Survey of Psychologists' Attitudes and Behavior	Psychologists licensed in Missouri (207 men and 113 women) completed questionnaires concerning their (a) use of touch and sexually suggestive behaviors, (b) definition of sexual misconduct, (c) response to feelings of attraction to clients, and (d) reactions to client reports of previous therapist contact. Behavior and attitude dimensions of overt sexual behavior, touching, and suggestive behaviors were identified through factor analysis. The misconduct incidence rate was between 2.2% and 7.3%, depending on how misconduct was defined. Client reports of sexual contact with previous therapists had been received by 43.6% of respondents. Women, doctoral-level psychologists, and psychologists with fewer years of practice showed somewhat greater sensitivity to sexual misconduct issues. Results indicate that sexual misconduct remains a cause for serious professional concern and that greater attention to these ethical issues should be provided in therapist training.
0000960139	Graduate-Level Education and Training in Child Sexual Abuse	The purpose of this article is to further graduate-level education and training in child sexual abuse. Two graduate-level courses that focus on child sexual abuse are considered as well. The following points are made: (a) Training in child sexual abuse should be incorporated into professional training programs; (b) research and theory courses on child sexual abuse are indicated; (c) the topic of child sexual abuse should be mainstreamed into existing practica; (d) the multidisciplinary nature of the field necessitates consideration of resources and references beyond those specific to psychology as well as professional engagement with individuals from many disciplines; and (e) training in child sexual abuse elicits strong emotional responses in trainees and others.
0000960242	Prescription Privileges for Psychologists: The Case Against	Several prominent psychologists have spoken out in favor of prescription privileges for psychologists. This article presents in detail the arguments against psychologists seeking prescription privileges, including the potentially negative effects such privileges could have on the future course of the field, on the training of psychologists, on the marketing of psychological services, and on other political issues of importance to psychology. Arguments that have been proposed in favor of prescription privileges are critically examined. It is concluded that attempting to obtain the right to prescribe psychoactive medications would involve an extremely costly struggle that could change professional psychology in many ways, some of which might actually make it less attractive to the public it serves. © 1991 American Psychological Association.
0000962748	Expression of photosynthesis gene-promoter fusions in leaf epidermal cells of transgenic tobacco plants	Fusions of the promoter regions of the pea plastocyanin, pea ferredoxin:NADP+ reductase and tobacco rbcS genes to the β-glucuronidase (GUS) reporter gene have been introduced into tobacco via Agrobacterium-mediated transformation, and epidermal peels of the lower leaf surface of tissue-cultured and greenhouse-grown plants examined histochemically for GUS activity. For each of the constructs, GUS was detected in epidermal cells as well as in stomatal guard cells. Epidermal peels from plants in tissue culture stained more readily than those from greenhouse-grown plants. Light and electron microscopy clearly demonstrated the presence of chloroplasts in epidermal cells of tobacco leaves. These results provide further evidence for the correlation between the presence of chloroplasts and the expression of nuclear genes for photosynthesis components.
0000975844	Development and Validation of the Career Factors Inventory	The Career Factors Inventory (CFI) was developed in this article. This is a multidimensional measure of career indecision containing 2 information factors (Need for Career Information and Need for Self-Knowledge) and 2 personal-emotional factors (Career Choice Anxiety and Generalized Indecisiveness). A rationale and corresponding descriptions for each scale were developed and the structure of the CFI across 2 samples was tested with confirmatory factor analyses. Reliability and concurrent validity analyses were conducted, and the CFI was empirically compared with career decision and other related scales. Suggestions for Attribution × Treatment interaction research were presented, along with possible counseling applications.
0000983530	Membrane responses induced by oligogalacturonides in suspension-cultured tobacco cells	Treatment of suspension-cultured tobacco cells with α-1,4-D-oligogalacturonides induced a rapid and transient stimulation of K+ efflux concomitant with membrane depolarization, alkalinization of the incubation medium, acidification of the cytoplasm, and an influx of Ca2+. Only oligogalacturonides with a degree of polymerization (DP) higher than nine and lower than 16 were active. The dodecagalacturonide exhibited the greatest ability to induce K+ efflux. The similarity between the structural requirements of oligogalacturonides that induce these short-term membrane responses and the structural requirements of oligogalacturonides that induce more enduring physiological and morphogenetic responses, suggests that one or more of the oligogalacturonide-induced membrane effects generate secondary messages leading to the long-term responses.
0000986814	Responding to Victims of Torture: Clinical Issues, Professional Responsibilities, and Useful Resources	This article presents clinical and related approaches to the treatment of torture victims, examines common reactions of clinicians working in this area, identifies useful resources, and emphasizes the need for clinical interventions to be supplemented by research, practice, and education in order to respond adequately to the prevalence of torture and the plight of its victims.
0000994275	Selection at the dieldrin resistance locus in overwintering populations of Lucilia cuprina (Wiedemann)	Development was arrested in wandering L. cuprina larvae placed in the ground at Heidelberg, Victoria during May and June. During this overwintering period individuals resistant to the insecticide dieldrin were more severely selected against than at other times of the year. Over the 3 years of the study (1986-1988) the proportions of overwintering larvae that reached the adult stage of the life cycle were low (range 2.8-6.0%) compared to those at other times (52.8-80.0%). The rate of development was greatest during the late summer months. In laboratory controls the developmental times from egg to adult (13.0-14.0 days) and the proportions reaching the adult stage (78.0-96.0%) were consistent throughout the experiment. The larvae used in the experiment were of the F2 generation of an original cross between pure-breeding strains that were resistant (RdURdl) or susceptible (+/+) to dieldrin. The frequency of the Rdl allele in adults emerging from the overwintering population was significantly lower (0.09-0.15) than at other times (0.44-0.52) when the result were similar to laboratory controls (0.43-0.53). Samples of pre-pupae placed in the ground in May 1988 were removed at 30-day intervals. A consistent decline in the proportion reaching the adult stage and in the Rdl frequency of these populations was observed with increasing time in the ground. Laboratory trials, in which pre-pupae were held at 8°C for periods of up to 11 weeks, showed similar trends to those observed in the field studies.
0000994288	Assessing Object Relations and Social Cognitive Correlates of Eating Disorder	The relation between eating disorder and disturbances in object relations and cognitive structure was investigated. Undergraduate women (N = 183) were assessed for eating disorder on two measures and for object relations deficits on the four subscales of the Bell Object Relations Inventory. Cognitive structure was assessed using an interpersonal repertory grid. Canonical correlation analyses revealed that eating disorder was predicted by measures of object relations disturbance and cognitive structure. Women with higher levels of eating disorder showed higher levels of object relations disturbances along 2 of the 4 subscales (Insecure Attachment and Social Incompetence), and more simplistic and rigid social cognitive schemata. Hierarchical multiple regression analyses indicated that object relations disturbance and cognitive structure made independent contributions to the predictions of disordered eating. The implications of these findings for counseling are discussed.
0001018164	Changing the Sexual Aggression-Supportive Attitudes of Men: A Psychoeducational Intervention	Because specific, identifiable attitudes of men have been associated with sexual aggression toward women, this study was undertaken to assess a psychoeducational intervention to change these attitudes and, thus, to help prevent sexual aggression. This intervention, based on the most widely researched current model of attitude change, Petty and Cacioppo's (1986) elaboration likelihood model (ELM), was evaluated for its impact on sexual aggression-supportive attitudes of college men. A group receiving the ELM-based intervention showed significantly more attitude change than did a control group (p < .05). One month later, in an unrelated naturalistic context, intervention subjects showed evidence of continued attitude change compared with control subjects (p < .05). Measures corresponding with three key components of the ELM significantly predicted attitude change, further indicating the model's external validity to the domain of sexual assault-relevant attitudes.
0001021418	Training and Organizational Issues Associated With Identifying and Responding to Intern Impairment	Procedures are presented for identifying and responding to psychology intern impairment and for differentiating impairment from other evaluation issues. In the context of providing evaluation guidelines and due process procedures, four specific processes are described: reconnaissance and identification; discussion and consultation; implementation and review; and anticipation and response to agency reaction. Although the model is internship specific, application is also made to other trainee groups.
0001024163	7,4′-dihydroxyflavanone is the major Azorhizobium nod gene-inducing factor present in Sesbania rostrata seedling exudate	Exudate from Sesbania rostrata seedlings contains signaling compounds that induce the common nodABC operon of the bacterial symbiont Azorhizobium caulinodans ORS571. An Azorhizobium strain harboring a nodA:: lacZ reporter fusion was used to monitor the nod-inducing activity of crude exudate fractions that were separated by reversed-phase chromatography. The major inducer was shown, by spectroscopic analysis and by comparison with chemically synthesized compounds, to be 7,4′-dihydroxyflavanone (liquiritigenin). Newly synthesized analogues, 7,3′-dihydroxyflavanone and 7,2′- dihydroxyflavanone, have only poor inducing activity.
0001030467	Sex and Acculturation Differences in Occupational Values Among Chinese-American Children	A study of sex and acculturation differences in occupational values among a group of Chinese-American children (5th and 6th graders) found that money and task satisfaction were very important values, whereas object orientation and solitude were quite unimportant. The high-acculturation children valued self-realization more than the low-acculturation children. Some sex differences in occupational values were also found among this group of children: boys valued object orientation, self-realization, and ideas-data more than did girls, and girls valued altruism more than did boys. The counseling and research implications of the findings are discussed.
0001034019	β-Cyclodextrin-potassium hydroxide-water (1/1/8)	C42H70O35.K +.OH -.8H20, Mr = 1335·24, monoclinic, P21, a= 15·223 (5), b = 10·578 (3), c = 20·204 (6) Å, β = 108·37 (7)°, V= 3087 Å3, Z = 2, Dx = 1·436 Mg m-3, λ (Mo Kα) = 0·71073Å, μ = 1·876 mm-1, F(000) = 1420, T= 295 K, final R = 0·080 for 4774 observed reflections. The cyclodextrin molecules are stacked, as monomeric entities, inclined at 43·4° along the twofold screw axis, forming a classical herringbone scheme. Three O atoms, attributed to water molecules, are found inside the cyclodextrin cavity, two of them being hydrogen bonded to the two primary hydroxyl groups which are in a gauche-trans conformation. Six others, present as doublets or singlets of water molecules, are located between the cyclodextrin entities and ensure the packing via hydrogen bonding. The potassium ion is incorporated in an interstitial site and coordinated to six non-water O atoms which belong to four different cyclodextrin units, in a distorted trigonal-prism environment. It is suggested that the balancing negative charge is localized inside the cavity, one of the three water molecules being in fact a hydroxyl anion. © 1991 International Union of Crystallography.
0001040832	Early fill of the Western Irish Namurian Basin: A complex relationship between turbidites and deltas	The Western Irish Namurian Basin developed in Early Carboniferous times as a result of extension across the Shannon Lineament which probably coincides with the Iapetus Suture. During the late Dinantian, axial areas of the NE-SW elongate trough became deep, whilst shallow-water limestones were deposited on the flanks. This bathymetry persisted into the Namurian when carbonate deposition ceased. In axial areas, a relatively thick mudstone succession spans earliest Namurian to Chokierian whilst on the northwestern marginal shelf, a thin, condensed Namurian mudstone sequence, in which pre-Chokierian sediments are apparently absent, rests unconformably on the Dinantian. From late Chokierian to early Kinderscoutian, the basin was filled by sand-dominated clastic sediments. Sand deposition began in the axial area with deposition of a thick turbidite sequence, the Ross Formation, which is largely equivalent to the condensed mudstone succession on the flanks. Turbidity currents flowed mainly axially towards the north-east and deposited a sequence lacking well-defined patterns of vertical bed-thickness change. Channels and slide sheets occur towards the top of the formation. The turbidite system seems to have lacked well-defined lobes and stable distributary channels. Overlying the Ross Formation, the Gull Island Formation shows a decreasing incidence of turbidite sandstones at the expense of increasing siltstones. This formation is characterized by major slides and slumps interbedded with undisturbed strata. In the flanking areas of the basin, the formation is thinner, has only a few turbidites in the sequence above the condensed mudstones and contains only one slide sheet. Overall the formation is interpreted as the deposit of a major prograding slope, the lower part representing a ramp upon which turbidites were deposited, the upper part a highly unstable muddy slope lacking any conspicuous feeder channels through which sand might have been transferred to deeper water. Progradation of the slope appears to have been increasingly from the northwestern flank of the trough which is similar to the direction deduced for the overlying deltaic Tullig cyclothem which completes the initial basin fill. Whilst several features of the succession can be explained by envisaging the whole sequence as the product of one linked depositional system, the shifting directions of palaeocurrents and palaeoslope raise problems. The switch from axial to lateral supply casts doubt on the strict application of Walther's Law to the total sequence and seems to demand large avulsive shifts of the delta system on the shelf area to the west.
0001054090	Evaluation of an Intergenerational Theory of Personal Development: Family Process Determinants of Psychological and Health Distress	Intergenerational family systems theory hypothesizes that the quality of family relationships effects one's psychological and health functioning. An explicit test of this multicausal model of health was made using structural equation analysis. Three-hundred and nineteen college students were administered a battery of questionnaires on two separate occasions. Results for the first administration indicated that the degree of individuation/intimacy in intergenerational and peer relationships was directly related to subjects' health-related behaviors accounting for 30% of the variance in this factor. Intergenerational intimidation/fusion was directly related to their level of health distress, and the complete structural equation model accounted for 35% of the variance in this factor. Finally, the degree of intimacy/individuation in peer relationships was found to be directly related to subjects' level of psychological distress, and the complete structural equation model accounted for 73% of the variance in this factor.
0001058923	Longitudinal study of scientific journal prices in a research library	The investigators conducted a benchmark longitudinal study of scientific journal prices for a land-grant research university to study the determinants of price increases over time. The study covered the period from 1967 to 1987, and included journal titles from a variety of publishers, disciplines, and countries. Information was collected about many factors that could influence serial prices. It was determined that inflation and greater journal length explained most of the increase in journal prices. However, it was also found that prices of journals from commercial publishers increased much more rapidly than those from nonprofit publishers over the study period.
0001065217	Level of Psychosocial Development, Perceived Level of Psychological Difficulty, Counseling Readiness, and Expectations About Counseling: Examination of Group Differences	Multivariate analyses of variance and multiple regression analyses were performed to examine the relation between students' expectations about counseling and three measures of students' psychosocial development. A sample of 172 undergraduate college students completed the Expectations About Counseling Questionnaire-Brief form (EAC-B) and the Developing Purpose scale of the Student Developmental Task Inventory (2nd edition; SDTI-2), the Counseling Readiness Scale (CRS) of the Adjective Check List, and the Career Counseling Diagnostic Inventory (CCDI). Significant relations between students' expectations about counseling and their scores on the SDTI-2 were found after the variance in expectations attributable to gender, age, and year in school had been extracted. No significant relations were found between scores on the EAC-B and scores on the CRS or CCDI.
0001078535	Measurement of the strong coupling constant αs for bottom quarks at the Z0 resonance	We have measured the ratio of the strong coupling constants αs for bottom quarks and light quarks at the Z0 resonance, in order to test the flavour independence of the strong interaction. The coupling strength αs has been determined from the fraction of events with three jets, measured for a sample of all hadronic events, and for inclusive muon and electron events. The b purity is evaluated to be 22% for the first data set and 87% for the inclusive lepton sample. We find αs(b)/αs(udsc) = 1.00 ± 0.05(stat.) ± 0.06(syst.).
0001084433	A propositional modal logic of time intervals	In certain areas of artificial intelligence there is need to represent continuous change and to make statements that are interpreted with respect to time intervals rather than time points. To this end, a modal temporal logic based on time intervals is developed, a logic that can be viewed as a generalization of point-based modal temporal logic. Related logics are discussed, an intuitive presentation of the new logic is given, and its formal syntax and semantics are defined. No assumption is made about the underlying nature of time, allowing it to be discrete (such as the natural numbers) or continuous (such as the rationals or the reals), linear or branching, complete (such as the reals), or not (such as the rationals). It is shown, however, that there are formulas in the logic that allow us to distinguish all these situations. A translation of our logic into first-order logic is given, which allows the application of some results on first-order logic to our modal logic. Finally, the difficulty of validity p roblems for the logic is considered. This turns out to depend critically, and in surprising ways, on our assumptions about time. For example, if our underlying temporal structure is the rationals, then, the validity problem is r.e.-complete; if it is the reals, then validity is II1/1-hard; and if it is the natural numbers, then validity is II1/1-complete. © 1991 ACM 0004-5411/91/1000-0935 $01.50.
0001091422	Attentional Modulation of Mechanisms That Analyze Rotation in Depth	Three experiments are reported which indicate that a 3-dimensional motion aftereffect can be attentionally modulated. Previous work has shown that following adaptation to a square in a polar projection rotating in depth left or right, a square in parallel projection with a normally ambiguous direction of rotation is seen to rotate opposite the adapting direction (Petersik, Shepard, & Malsch, 1984). In the present experiments, 2 adapting squares are presented, rotating in opposite directions. Attention to each square is controlled by asking subjects to detect perturbations in the dots that define one or the other square. Responses to the subsequent test stimulus depend on which square is attended. A quantitative model is introduced, and some implications of the model are tested.
0001091569	Models of Feigned Mental Illness	The pathogenic and DSM-III-R models are presented for the understanding of malingering. The value of the DSM-III-R approach is questioned because its indices are not supported by research and its focus is unduly moralistic. In its place, an adaptational model is proposed as an application of decision theory in which the malingerer perceives an adversarial context and chooses feigning on the basis of likelihood and expected utility. Studies offering preliminary support for the adaptational model from psychiatric and forensic settings are reviewed. Finally, detection models of malingering are highlighted with the need for convergent validation, combining known-group and simulation designs.
0001099928	Identification of pathogenicity determinants of Erwinia carotovora subsp. carotovora by transposon mutagenesis	Transposon mutagenesis and large-scale virulence screening of the isolated mutants on axenic tobacco seedlings were employed to identify pathogenicity determinants of the soft rot pathogen Erwinia carotovora subsp. carotovora. Screening of 6,200 prototrophic transposon mutants resulted in the isolation of several classes of strains exhibiting reduced virulence or avirulence. Characterization of these mutants showed that the majority of the strains were defective in motility and showed a reduced virulence phenotype. The mutants in the other main category were avirulent and were affected in exoenzyme production and growth on pectin. Some of these mutants appeared to produce reduced amounts of pectin lyase (Pnl-), but most of the strains were defective in either secretion (Out-) or production (Exp-) of several extracellular enzymes. The Exp- mutants represent a novel class of exoenzyme-negative mutants showing a pleiotropic defect in production and secretion of pectic enzymes, cellulase, and protease. The wild-type allele for one class of Exp- mutants was cloned by complementation after bacteriophage T4GT7 transduction of a genomic library. © 1991 The American Phytopathological Society.
0001104086	Training Interns to Respond to Sexual Dilemmas	Previous research has documented that psychologists receive little training in responding to sexual dilemmas in psychotherapy. The authors describe two training experiences focusing on the personal, professional, ethical, and legal issues involved in sexual attraction between psychologists and clients. Small group discussions were particularly useful as trainees were able not only to receive educational material but also to examine their feelings and behaviors when they experienced sexual attraction. A conference format providing didactic information was especially helpful to new psychology trainees.
0001109409	Knowledge acquisition using structured interviewing: An empirical investigation	The knowledge acquisition problem endures as a bottleneck in the construction of expert system knowledge bases. Despite the recent proliferation of techniques and the availability of more sophisticated methods for this task, the interview technique continues to be widely used, especially in business domains. This paper reports the results of an experiment conducted to compare the unstructured knowledge acquisition interview with a specific type of structured knowledge acquisition interview. Structure for the interview was provided by a domain model of the business decision-making activity that attempted to capture the subjective and qualitative aspects of decision making. Senior managers from industry served as the subjects in the experiment. The interview technique was evaluated along efficiency and effectiveness dimensions. Results indicate improved performance with the structured interviewing method.
0001118654	The Wulff theorem revisited	The parametrized indicator measures and the Brunn-Minkowski inequality are used to prove that the Wulff set Wr is a minimizer for the surface energy where the density is the support function of Wr. The support of the indicator measures associated to minimizing sequences is characterized. It is shown that if Wr is polyhedral then minimizing sequences cannot oscillate.
0001133729	Transcriptional repression of light-induced flavonoid synthesis by elicitor treatment of cultured parsley cells	Cultured parsley (Petroselinum crispum) cells respond differentially to UV-containing white light and fungal elicitor. Both stimuli activate the transcription of genes encoding enzymes of partly overlapping phenylpropanoid biosynthetic pathways. Irradiation induces vacuolar accumulation of flavonoids, whereas elicitor treatment stimulates the secretion of furanocoumarins. Simultaneous treatment of parsley cells with UV light and elicitor results in quantitative changes in both responses. Irradiation reduces elicitor-induced furanocoumarin synthesis, possibly by post-transcriptional mechanisms, whereas elicitor treatment completely blocks the light-induced accumulation of flavonoids by repressing the transcription of the chalcone synthase gene. We have identified elicitor-sensitive regions in the chalcone synthase promoter by transient expression analysis of selected promoter constructs linked to the β-D-glucuronidase reporter gene in parsley protoplasts. These regions are identical to those that were found to be sufficient for light inducibility of the chalcone synthase promoter.
0001133984	Contextual Effects in the Interpretations of Probability Words: Perceived Base Rate and Severity of Events	Previous research has demonstrated substantial effects of context on the numerical interpretation of verbal probability statements and has attributed these effects to the perceived base-rate probability of the predicted events. These context effects are shown to be attributable to the perceived severity of the predicted event as well as to the perceived base rate. Furthermore, there is evidence for strong context effects that are not explained by either of these 2 variables. The implications of these results for the use of verbal probability statements in the communication of probability information are discussed.
0001135872	The effect of GDSS and elected leadership on small group meetings	This research investigated the effect of a group decision support system (GDSS) and elected leadership on meetings of five-person groups. A controlled experiment that varied the form of decision support (no support, manual structure support equivalent to the GDSS structure, and GDSS support) and elected leadership (yes and no) was used to compare group decisions. Forty-eight undergraduate student groups were randomly assigned to one of the six treatment conditions of this 3×2 factorial design. The groups solved a preference task that required resolution of competing preference structures to arrive at group decisions. The level of premeeting consensus was used as a covariate. The dependent measures included postmeeting consensus, equality of influence, and influence of the leader. The major findings of this research are: · Manual groups displayed a significantly higher postmeeting consensus than GDSS groups. Elected leadership did not increase postmeeting consensus. · There was a significant correlation between equality of influence and pre-meeting consensus in GDSS groups. Groups that had high premeeting consensus seemed willing to let one member dominate the final solution. · Group support in the form of structure has potential to undermine leadership in small group meetings because leaders in manual and GDSS groups appeared to be less influential than their counterparts in baseline groups. © 1991 M.E. Sharpe, Inc.
0001139473	Information-seeking behavior of gatekeepers in ethnolinguistic communities: Overview of a taxonomy	This article presents a model for information-seeking behavior of ethnolinguistic gatekeepers. Prior research suggests that ethnolinguistic gatekeepers serve as information disseminators within their ethnic communities. The information-seeking behavior of ethnolinguistic gatekeepers has not been studied in the context of the new user-centered information paradigm. The taxonomy presented here considers the affective and cognitive dimensions of the gatekeeper's information-seeking behavior. A series of profiles that represent a range of gatekeeper information-seeking skills and orientations is derived from the model. The article also proposes a set of hypotheses and discusses the research implications of the model.
0001141634	Relation Between Ego Identity Statuses and Decision-Making Styles	We examined the proposition that individual variations in career decision making are related conceptually to the identity formation process of late adolescence. To investigate this proposition 2 studies were conducted to identify the relations between ego identity statuses and decision-making styles. The findings suggested that persons who have achieved a stable identity tend to use rational and systematic decision-making strategies. Those whose identity status is foreclosed tend to rely on dependent strategies and do not endorse systematic and internal strategies. Persons in the diffusion status tend to rely on intuitive and dependent styles or exhibit an absence of systematic and internal styles. The moratorium status was not consistently associated with variations in decision-making styles. We relate the results to previous theory and to implications for practice and research.
0001160269	The Mentorship of Ethnic Minorities in Professional Psychology	Ethnic minority members of Divisions 12, 16, and 17 were surveyed regarding mentoring they received as students and novice professionals. No evidence was found that ethnic similarity between respondents and their mentors was related to ratings of protégé benefits. Some evidence was found of a relationship between ethnic similarity and overall evaluation ratings of the mentorship when the respondents were novice professionals. The need for European American professors and senior professionals to mentor ethnic minorities in professional psychology is discussed.
0001181930	Relation of Gender to Power and Involvement in Supervision	Audiotaped supervision sessions from 40 master's level counselor trainees and 40 field placement supervisors were used in a content analytic study of the relation of supervisor and trainee gender to supervisory discourse. The Penman Classification Scheme was used to rate the middle 15 min of supervision on power and involvement dimensions. Classification cells were aggregated to yield high-power, low-power, and high-involvement categories. Transformed proportional data and kappa scores from sequential analysis were used in two 2 × 2 (Gender × Role) multivariate analyses of variance to compare dyad types on speaker's use of message categories and patterns of discourse between speakers. Findings indicated that male and female supervisors reinforced female trainees' high-power messages with low-power, encouraging messages significantly less often than for male trainees. Female trainees responded to supervisor low-power, encouraging messages with high-power messages significantly less often than male trainees.
0001184875	Gender as a Process Variable in Family Therapy	The present research examined the effects of therapist and client sex roles on the behaviors of participants in family therapy. Two-parent families (n = 34) received treatment from male (n = 17) or female (n = 17) therapist trainees. The trainees were members of Functional Family Therapy practica at a university clinical setting. Therapist and client behaviors during the first phase of therapy were transcribed and divided into thought units. Each thought unit was classified as being either a supportive, structuring, pejorative, or non-therapy-related act. Although an initial analysis of base rates revealed no significant gender effects, a contingency analysis detected different gender-linked sequential dependencies of therapist and client behaviors. This analysis indicated that family members respond differently to male and female therapist behaviors. The findings also suggest that female and male therapists respond differently to client behaviors. The findings were interpreted in the context of gender and therapist role conflicts, which may be especially important in a training context.
0001185419	Dialogue On a Human Resource Agenda for Psychology: A Welcome and a Response	Issues and controversies related to the author's call for a national human resource agenda are discussed. Several recommendations and concerns raised by other authors in this series of articles are addressed. This includes expanding the review of psychology work force size to include academic and research psychologists, health psychologists, and psychologists in other areas. Current oversupply of psychologists in some regions is also discussed. Caution is advised to avoid overestimating existing need and projected need for psychologists. Further dialogue about addressing human resource issues within the profession is encouraged.
0001189272	Co-regulated expression of nitrate and nitrite reductases	The regulation of nitrate and nitrite reductases (NR and NiR, respectively) expression was compared in wild-type and NR-deficient (nia) Nicotiana plumbaginifolia plants. In wild-type plants, NiR and NR mRNA levels fluctuated according to a circadian rhythm, with similar timing of maximal and minimal transcript accumulation. NiR and NR mRNA levels were also nitrate- and light-inducible. It had been found previously that some of the nia mutants overexpressed NR mRNA. In mutant plants, irrespective of the mutation affecting the nia gene, NiR mRNA and activity were overexpressed. However, nitrate and light inducibility of NR and NiR mRNAs was still detectable. Normal NiR expression levels of mRNA were restored in nia leaky mutants obtained by intragenic complementation which contained low levels of NR activity. These data support the hypothesis of a common regulation of NR and NiR expression by a nitrate-derived metabolite. They also prove that the autogenous model of NR regulation described in fungi is not valid for higher plants.
0001205118	Generalizability of Interpersonal Communications Rating Scale Ratings Across Presentation Modes	Variance in observational ratings of the Interpersonal Communications Rating Scale (ICRS; Strong & Hills, 1986) attributable to individual raters and mode of presentation (i.e., videotape, audiotape, transcript, videotape plus transcript, and audiotape plus transcript) was examined. Nine raters used the ICRS to code the three Gloria and the three Richard films for which the presentation mode was systematically varied. With respect to intrarater reliability across presentation mode, the transcript-only mode was found to have lower reliability with other presentation modes. Generalizability analyses revealed that some methods of aggregating the ICRS ratings into complementarity scores were more generalizable than others. Results are discussed with respect both to using the ICRS specifically and to more general issues of observational rating reliability and validity.
0001205428	Conformational study of the di(triazole-1,2,4)-3,4'	C4H4N6, Mr = 136·11, monoclinic, P21/n, a = 7·633 (5), b = 5·729 (3), c = 12·872 (7) Å, β = 94·15 (5)°, V = 561·5 (2) Å3, Z = 4, Dm = 1·65, Dx = 1·61 gcm-3, λ(Mo Kα) = 0·7107 Å, μ = 11·1 cm-1, F(000) = 280, room temperature, R = 0·036, wR = 0·041 for 1072 reflections. The two triazole rings are in envelope conformations with a dihedral angle of 8·5° between their mean planes. Molecules are held together in the crystalline state by van der Waals forces. © 1991 International Union of Crystallography.
0001225662	ARL directors: Two decades of changes	This study examines a wide range of changes among ARL directors from 1970-1989 on such variables as gender, previous positions held, and volumes in the collections. In 1970, there were no female directors of ARL libraries; in 1989 there were 32 female directors. This increase has changed the demographic characteristics of ARL directors. As a group, female directors are younger, have fewer years of service, earn higher average salaries, and have received higher increases in their libraries' budgets when they assumed their jobs than male directors.
0001229464	Information technology and the structuring of organizations	Recent work in social theory departs from prior traditions in proposing that social phenomena can be understood as comprising both subjective and objective elements. We apply this premise of duality to understanding the relationship between information technology and organizations. We construct a theoretical framework in which the development and deployment of information technology in organizations is a social phenomenon, and in which the organizational consequences of technology are products of both material and social dimensions. The framework is based on Giddens' theory of structuration, and it allows us to progress beyond several of the false dichotomies (subjective vs objective, socially constructed vs material, macro vs micro, and qualitative vs quantitative) that persist in investigations of the interaction between organizations and information technology. The framework can be used to guide studies in two main areas of information systems research- systems development and the organizational consequences of using information technology. Copyright © 1991, The Institute of Management Sciences.
0001233380	Poverty area diffusion: The depopulation hypothesis examined	Large tracts of land in American inner cities were transformed into extreme poverty areas between 1970 and 1980. Today, these extreme poverty areas have become the localities of what are popularly known as "underclass" behaviors. The leading explanation for the large increases in poverty areas is frequently referred to as Wilson's "depopulation" hypothesis. This paper examines the role depopulation plays in the growth of extreme poverty areas. A growth typology of extreme poverty areas reveals four different neighborhood outcomes resulting from population change. The evidence demonstrates that the depopulation hypothesis does not describe the growth circumstances of all poverty areas. Regional variations in poverty area depopulation rates are a reflection of how broader demographic and economic changes have played out unevenly across the national urban system. Copyright © 1994 by V. H. Winston & Son, Inc.
0001238943	Validity of Vocational Aspirations and Interest Inventories: Extended, Replicated, and Reinterpreted	This study found that classified vocational aspirations-singly or in combination-of Navy recruits (467 men and 250 women) were superior to the Vocational Preference Inventory (Holland, 1985b). Predictions for persons with coherent vocational aspirations (aspirations all in the same occupational category) were very predictive over a short time interval, but the hypothesized links between the coherence of vocational aspirations and the Identity Scale (Holland, Gottfredson, & Power, 1980), NEO Personality Inventory scales (Costa & McCrae, 1985), and scales of the Vocational Preference Inventory received only partial support. This study replicates much earlier work (e.g., Borgen & Seling, 1978). Implications for test development and practitioners are discussed.
0001246609	Driving ability of aphasic and nonaphasic brain-damaged patients	The driving ability of brain-damaged patients was examined by psychometric tests and a comprehensive practical on-road driving test in a study with 36 aphasic and 29 non-aphasic patients. The results suggest the following conclusions: (1) the driving ability of brain-damaged patients can not be reliably judged from the performances in the psychometric tests used; (2) according to the results of the practical driving test, driving behaviour is impaired in a significantly higher proportion of the aphasic compared to the non-aphasic patients. Although the multiple correlation of correct performance in nine categories of driving behaviour with the driving instructor's global rating was substantial, individual predictions were far from perfect; (3) there is a significant interaction between the presence of aphasia, age, and practical driving ability, indicating that aphasic patients of advanced age tend to fail the driving test; (4) the patients' own judgement of their driving ability proves to be unreliable. © 1991 Lawrence Erlbaum Associates Limited.
0001246616	A Choice Dilemma Approach for Examining the Relative Importance of Sex Type and Prestige Preferences in the Process of Career Choice Compromise	This study examined Gottfredson's (1981) postulation that individuals are more likely to sacrifice prestige than sex type preference when career compromise is needed. College students (151 women and 95 men) responded to a forced-choice questionnaire called the Occupational Choice Dilemma Inventory. Occupations were paired together to represent 3 choice dilemma situations or systematic variations in prestige and sex type levels between the 2 occupations. For each pair of occupations, the respondent had to either sacrifice a certain degree of prestige or sex type. Overall, prestige was more often used as the preferred factor than sex type, but career compromise behavior was jointly affected by gender and the degree of contrast in prestige and sex type levels that characterized the 3 choice dilemma situations. Implications for Gottfredson's framework and career counseling were discussed.
0001246881	Sense and antisense RNA-mediated resistance to potato leafroll virus in Russet Burbank potato plants	Three constructs of the potato leafroll virus (PLRV) coat protein gene were efficiently inserted into the commercial potato cultivar Russet Burbank via Agrobacterium tumefaciens-mediated gene transfer. One construct possessed 12 nucleotides of the untranslated leader sequence 5′ to the coat protein gene AUG, the second construct had 192 nucleotides from this leader sequence, and the third construct was the same as the second construct except that it was inserted in the reverse orientation. Introduced as chimeric genes under the control of the duplicated cauliflower mosaic virus 35S promoter, both positive- and negative-sense constructs showed high levels of transcription but coat protein was not detectable in any of the plants. Results show that significant levels of sustained resistance were obtained with each construct, resulting in PLRV titers as low as 1% of the level observed in controls. Both the pattern and level of protection were the same for constructs producing positive- and negative-sense RNA, suggesting a similar mechanism of resistance. Aphid transmission of virus from PLRV-inoculated transgenic Russet Burbank potato plants was reduced significantly when PLRV titers were reduced by at least 95%.
0001254225	Structure of pyridazine at 100 K	C4H4N2, Mr = 80·09, monoclinic, P21/n, a = 3·7870 (6), b = 10·7415 (29), c = 9·721 (6) Å, β = 91·401 (27)°, V = 395·32 Å3, Z = 4, Dx = 1·346 Mg m-3, ~(Mo Kα) = 0·71073 Å, μ = 0·083 mm-1, F(000) - 168, T = 100 K, R = 0·0495 for 1732 unique observed reflections. The observed valence angles agree very closely with those measured for free pyridazine studied by combined analysis of electron diffraction, microwave and liquid-crystal NMR data, but there are significant differences in bond lengths, which can probably be attributed to crystal packing effects. © 1991 International Union of Crystallography.
0001266806	Ethics and the Professional Practice of Psychologists: The Role of Virtues and Principles	We evaluate the potential relevance of virtue ethics to the training and practice of professional psychologists, and we contrast them with principle ethics. Typically, principles are used to facilitate the selection of socially and historically acceptable answers to the question "What shall I do?" when confronted by ethical dilemmas. Virtue ethics, however, generally focus on the question "Who shall I be?" Strengths and weaknesses of each approach are presented. The impact of each is discussed with respect to informed consent and the therapeutic construct "genuineness." We conclude that virtue ethics are an essential component of responsible ethical training and practice.
0001271513	Christians' Anticipations About Counselors in Response to Counselor Descriptions	Effects of a description of a secular counselor, empathic with spiritual concerns, were examined with regard to negative anticipations about counselors that Christians have often expressed in explaining their unwillingness to see non-Christian counselors. College student and adult participants completed a religiosity scale, read a counselor description (Christian, secular, or spiritual-empathic secular), and then completed a measure of 5 negative anticipations that Christian clients have about counselors. Effects of religiosity, type of script, and their interactions were all confirmed. Participants with higher scores on religiosity had more negative anticipations; strongest negative anticipations were held about secular counselors, less negative ones about secular but spiritually empathetic counselors, and least negative ones about Christian counselors. Differences in reactions to scripts was greater for those with higher scores on religiosity.
0001284267	Neuropsychological Test Usage	The authors quantified the frequency of use of standard clinical neuropsychological tests. A survey listing 116 tests abstracted from the literature was mailed to 500 randomly selected International Neuropsychological Society members. A return rate of 56% was achieved. Endorsement frequencies are provided and discussed.
0001294199	Relationship of Racial Identity and Gender-Role Attitudes to Black Women's Psychological Well-Being	Participants in this exploratory study were 78 Black female college students and 65 Black female nonstudents. Racial identity attitudes predicted mental health variables in both samples but were better predictors for nonstudents than for students. Preencounter attitudes were a negative predictor of general well-being and self-esteem for both groups and a positive predictor of depression in nonstudents. Encounter attitudes also significantly predicted all 3 mental health variables for the nonstudent sample, in a pattern of relationships to mental health variables identical to that of preencounter attitudes. Gender-role attitudes were not predictive of mental health in either sample. Results are discussed in relation to the Cross (1971) model of Black identity development and in relation to recent research.
0001298872	Resistance in transgenic potato expressing the potato leafroll virus coat protein gene	The coat protein gene of potato leafroll virus (PLRV), a member of the luteovirus group, was inserted into potato via a gene transfer mediated by A grobacterium tumefaciens. Introduced as a chimeric gene under the control of the duplicated cauliflower mosaic virus 35S promoter, transcription levels were high but only low levels of coat protein were detected. Coat protein accumulation ranged from undetectable levels to a maximum of 0.01% of total leaf protein. Inoculation of transgenic plants with PLRV resulted in low virus titers that remained low or decreased indicating sustained resistance. High PLRV inoculation levels achieved with 25 viruliferous aphids did not overcome the resistance. This resistance will have practical applications for the control of PLRV and may also help to understand the mechanisms of virus infection. © 1990 The American Phytopathological Society.
0001301388	Effects of Clients' Obesity and Gender on the Therapy Judgments of Psychologists	This study investigated whether psychologists who practice therapy stereotype obese clients negatively. A sample (N = 282) of APA Division 29 (Psychotherapy) members responded to a case history that depicted a client as either obese or nonobese, and as either male or female. Psychologists rated obese clients as more physically unattractive and more embarrassed than nonobese clients, but also as softer and kinder than nonobese clients. There were no significant effects for weight on therapy recommendations, although female clients were viewed as more motivated and as less severely impaired. Implications for obese clients are discussed.
0001301717	Predictors of Adult Men's Gender-Role Conflict: Race, Class, Unemployment, Age, Instrumentality-Expressiveness, and Personal Strain	Gender-role conflict exists when socialized gender roles result in personal restriction, devaluation, or violation of others or self. This research assesses the ways in which 13 demographic, psychological, and strain variables predict adult men's gender-role conflict. It was hypothesized that these variables would differentially predict four patterns of gender-role conflict that have been documented in earlier research (O'Neil, Helms, Gable, David, & Wrightsman, 1986). Men N = 134 of different ages, races, classes, personality characteristics and work statuses were assessed with the Gender Role Conflict Scale, the Personal Strain Questionnaire, and the Personal Attributes Questionnaire. Two meaningful and independent male constellations linking 9 of the predictor variables with 3 patterns of gender-role conflict accounted for 88% of the variation in gender-role conflict. Methodological limitations and future research are discussed.
0001302228	Gilvossius, a new genus of callianassid shrimp from the eastern United States (Crustacea: Decapoda: Thalassinidea)	Gilvossius new genus, is recognized with the East American Callianassa setimanus (DeKay, 1844) as its type and only included species.
0001307956	Long-term prognosis of patients with severe memory disorders	This paper describes the long-term prognosis of 50 people with severe memory disorders arising from cerebral pathology. A further three people could not be contacted and one refused to take part in the study. Of the 50, seven had died and 43 were reassessed. Most subjects were living outside institutional care, 15 of them were in paid employment. Only four were in jobs similar to those held before their injury or illness, and two of these were working on a part time basis. Just under one-third of the subjects showed an improvement in memory functioning as assessed by a standardised memory test, a small number had deteriorated, and some 60% showed little or no change since leaving rehabilitation some 5-10 years before. Despite this, most people had learned coping methods to bypass or compensate for their memory problems through the increased use of memory aids and strategies. © 1991 Lawrence Erlbaum Associates Limited.
0001317671	The impacts of computer technology the worklife of information workers	This article assesses recent research which examines the impacts of computing on the worklife of information workers. It uses a broad analytic framework to organize discussion of research since 1985, to assess the consistency and coherence of the research, and to suggest where systematic comparative analysis is needed in the future. Research findings are summarized with regard to the impacts of computing on decision making, control, productivity, social interaction, work environment, and job enhancement. Copyright © 1990 by Duke University Press.
0001328950	The (Mis) Treatment of Men: Effects of Client Gender Role and Life-Style on Diagnosis and Attribution of Pathology	Practicing counselors and therapists (N = 47) were randomly assigned to view one of two versions of a videotaped stimulation of a depressed White male client, portrayed by a professional actor. The tapes were identical except for the client's occupational and family roles, which were portrayed as either gender-traditional or nontraditional. During specified pauses in the videotape, the therapists responded verbally as if they were conducting a counseling session with a client, and their responses were recorded. After the completion of the viewing session, the subjects evaluated the client on various dimensions, assigned a diagnosis, and outlined a proposed treatment plan. The results suggest that the client's gender role affected several aspects of the therapists' behavior, including the attribution of pathology and problem etiology.
0001330593	Descriptions of Persons With Multiple Sclerosis, With an Emphasis on What Is Needed From Psychologists	A sample of 125 persons having had multiple sclerosis (MS) for an average of 16.5 years completed a battery of self-report tests assessing current behavioral and emotional functioning and mental health needs. The resulting data contradicted the stereotype many psychologists hold of persons with MS by consistently indicating that most of these persons had adapted successfully to having the disease. Those who had not successfully adapted expressed a need for help with two matters in particular: accepting the reality of the disease and learning how to best live with it. Working successfully with this population may minimally entail (a) operating with the belief that successful positive adjustment is a realistic goal, and (b) responding effectively to the most pressing specific problems presented for treatment.
0001333258	Body Dissatisfaction and Eating-Related Problems on the College Campus: Usefulness of the Eating Disorder Inventory With a Nonclinical Population	The Eating Disorder Inventory (EDI) was administered to 3 female undergraduate samples representing 2 campuses (N = 1,506). Subjects also provided information on family demographics and on eating, dieting, and exercise habits and attitudes. Very high rates of body dissatisfaction were reported. EDI factor analysis yielded a 6-factor structure accounting for 41% of the variance. The Eating Disorders factor was a combination of 3 EDI clinical scales (Drive for Thinness, Bulimia, and lack of Interoceptive Awareness); 5 factors were identical to the other 5 EDI scales. Two risk groups were identified on the basis of extreme EDI factor scores: a body-dissatisfied group and a binge-purge group with poor psychological adjustment. For campus intervention programs, potential usefulness of the EDI for screening of relevant subgroups is discussed, with particular attention to body dissatisfaction.
0001364717	Letters of Recommendation: Perspectives, Recommendations, and Ethics	Recommendation letters are ubiquitous, but have problems of nonexistent guidelines and standards, redundancy, and inflation. A review of 150 letters revealed they typically state the writer's association with the applicant; the applicant's skills and ethics, supervision behavior, interpersonal skills, and worthy accomplishments; and closing positive remarks. Ethical issues in letters are often vague. Applicants should provide associations with the writer, target sites/individuals, vita or transcript, and memory cues, and should ask if the recommendation will be strong. Writers should refuse to write or warn applicants of poor or neutral letters, and give specific examples. A drastic suggestion is a moratorium on letters, which would have drawbacks. At least we can educate applicants about letters, teach them to discuss their strengths and weaknesses beforehand, and establish guidelines for letters.
0001366346	Information technology and corporate strategy: A view from the top	Letters to shareholders in 649 annual reports published between 1972 and 1987 were analyzed for CEOs' views about information technology. Significant differences were found across industries-banking, publishing, petroleum, and retailing-in the number of times information technology was mentioned, the types of applications discussed, and the content of the discussion. The results of the industry analysis were in keeping with expectations based on the relative information intensity of the various industries. An analysis of the letters over time suggests that the position of IT in the firm, at least as seen by the CEO, was not much different in 1987 than it had been in 1982, but has expanded considerably from its position in 1972 and 1973. Reassuringly, we also found that the number of IT related phrases in the CEOs' letters to the shareholders was positively correlated with the firm's yearly net profits as a percentage of sales. A lagged analysis on profitability data could not, however, resolve the competing explanations for the correlation between profits and the number of IT-related phrases. These findings contribute new insights concerning strategic information systems and support the use of annual report data in analyzing organizational information technology phenomena. Copyright © 1990, The Institute of Management Sciences.
0001372656	Effective Use of Cultural Role Taking	Use of traditional counseling methods is examined in regard to multicultural populations. We argue that traditional counseling methods should not be used in non-White/White counseling situations because of the disparity of life experiences of the two participant groups. However, we propose that a transcendence of cultural boundaries between the counselor and the client can be achieved with effective use of cognitive empathy. Cognitive empathy, defined as cultural role taking, enables the counselor to cognitively understand and work within the cultural framework of the client. Cultural role taking is recommended for use with White counselors and clients of color. Future researchers are advised of the qualitative and quantitative empirical work yet to be done in this area.
0001373104	The motivations of professional and paraprofessional librarians for participating in continuing education programs	This article examines the reasons given by professional and paraprofessional librarians for participating in continuing education programs, using the Participation Reasons Scale, developed by Grotelueschen (1985). Data were collected from 731 participants in the programs of the North Carolina Library Staff Development Program during the Fall semester of 1988 and the Spring semester of 1989. A principal components analysis of the data identified four underlying components: personal concerns, patron service, collegiality, and professional competence. Respondents rated reasons associated with professional competence and patron service more highly than they did other reasons. Paraprofessional librarians gave significantly higher ratings than did the professional librarians on each of the four components. Statistically, public librarians rated three of the components more highly significant than did respondents who worked in other types of libraries: patron service, collegiality, and professional competence. Librarians who had been at their present positions for seven or more years rated the personal concerns component significantly higher than did librarians who had been at their present positions for one year or less. Explanations for the observed differences are suggested, and implications of the findings for continuing education providers, library administrators, and researchers in human resource development in libraries are discussed.
0001386060	A National Human Resources Agenda for Psychology: The Need for a Broader Perspective	Although thought-provoking, Robiner's (1991, this issue) focus on the practice side of the discipline and his formulation of human resources policies for all psychologists, based on conditions facing practitioners, ignores certain other trends that may be occurring in the discipline. Of particular interest are hints that the production and supply of behavioral science researchers may be eroding, particularly in terms of the infusion of new talent into the investigator work force. Thus, the construction and implementation of a national human resources agenda requires that the supply-demand relationships for all components of psychology be considered. This will require not only efforts directed at collecting more comprehensive and sound data on human resources in psychology but also attention to examining the quality of graduate training.
0001397929	Gender as a Moderator of the Relationships of Stress and Social Support to Physical Health in College Students	The major purpose of the present study was to examine the degree to which gender moderates the relationship of stress and social support to strain. Subjects, 115 undergraduates, were administered a measure of stress, measures of functional and structural social support and satisfaction with social support, and a measure of physical symptomatology. Two testing sessions, 5 weeks apart, were included in the study so that the effects of stress and social support on subsequent strain could be evaluated. Results indicated that stress, social support, and their interaction accounted for 18% to 29% of the variance in physical symptomatology in women but accounted for nonsignificant amounts of variance in men. Gender differences in levels of support and differences in the predictive utility of different kinds of social support were also found.
